2|Most of you have productivity completely backwards. I hear from people all the time in the online community I built, you know, how do I focus? How do I get more productive? But the reality is performance at the leader level isn't motivation, it's neuroscience. There's a
14|mental state called flow where your brain becomes 500% more productive automatically. In this video, I've gone and detailed my 26-page protocol. So, you can go and take a look at it and
24|implement some of these protocols in your life. So, let's get into it. What I'm going to get into here is what I call founder flow and how to tap into your flow state. As you can see, this is
34|the 4hour deepwork protocol that has absolutely transformed my productivity over the last decade. And I want to help unlock that level of productivity of
44|growth for you. First off, what is flow state? Well, it's really this mental state of complete immersion. Everything around you gets blocked out. You're
54|totally lost in the task at hand. you kind of lose all other distractions and there's a sense of control on the moment on the given thing in front of you.
64|Neuroscience really supports this, right? When you're in flow, that inner critic, that inner voice in your mind, it shuts off. You know, your brain waves even shift to alphatheta frequencies,
75|which simply just means that your brain is dialed in to get your most important work done. As founders, our main goal,
85|right, is that we want to be pushing forward the biggest needlemoving tasks daily that get us towards what we're really trying to do with our business and in our life. I'd argue that there's
96|probably no more important critical task for you than making sure that you are tapping into your founder flow state every single day. The performance
106|benefits of flow from my research are undeniable, right? But we're talking like 200 to 500% increase in productivity. One day of being in founder flow is like another person
117|working for 5 days disorganized and all over the place. So just think about that, right? The benefits if you could tap into this every single day for a week. You may get more done than most people get done in a month or two and
128|you stack that up over years. You can imagine, you know, you're doing circles around anyone else in your space. Some of the triggers here as you start to think about you know flow on the psychological side it's intense focus.
140|You want to keep your mind singularly focused on one important task. You want to have clear goals. You know as an example this is my notebook for the day. It's all mapped out. I know exactly what
151|I need to get done and that way I can just go and get after it. From there too you want to make sure that ideally you're working on stuff that's challenging but not too challenging.
162|Where I see some people get tripped up is they try to work on a project that's way too large. And what can happen is you end up running into procrastination and putting it off. You want to kind of find stuff that is at that optimal
173|difficulty level. It's hard, but it's not too hard. Filming two YouTube videos today is going to be tricky, but it's not going to be impossible. So, my brain can kind of settle in and get in to the
185|right mode. On the environment side, I'm going to tell you that humans, we create our environments, but you don't want to lose fact of the reality that your environment is going to create you as
195|well. If you look around me at my space right now, it's clean. It's not cluttered. You know, every Sunday, I'm making sure my place is insanely just tidy, right? My desk has no clutter on
206|it. I'm just in my optimal mode. I feel good. I went for a workout already this morning. I got my iced americanos. I'm feeling good, right? No clutter here. I
216|got, you know, my YouTube stuff ready to go. You know, funny enough, too, I got my little vision board here. These are little things that just help me just settle in, feel good, and get after it.
227|So, on the social trigger side, right, it's important that as a team or, you know, your friend group, but probably your team, you guys are all aligned on the importance of flow, right? You don't
238|want people interrupting you all the time or calling your phone and all that. You know, I put my phone in do not disturb mode. um and make sure that no one's able to reach me so I can just dial it in. In addition to that, find
248|new ways of making flow fun, right? By working on different kinds of tasks, um encouraging myself to enjoy the art of it all, not just make it feel like work. I'm always trying to find different ways
259|of linking things that I've done, right? So maybe I read a book over the weekend and then that relates to a YouTube video that I made that also relates to a Pinterest board that I have. And when
269|I'm in that flow state, because there's no distractions, I'm able to link all these disperate concepts to create something that's amazing. Let's talk about how flow feels. The flow cycle for
279|many of you, you get tripped up in phase one, which doesn't even allow you to get to the further phases, which is where the real magic happens. So phase one is the struggle phase. We sit down
290|sometimes to do work, the first 15 to 20 minutes, it's like, "Oh man, I'm not feeling like this or I can't quite connect the dots." That is normal, right? That feeling of frustration, of
300|overwhelm. We all go through that. That's kind of your brain settling into the work at hand. You got to push through that. Phase two now is the release. This is suddenly where you let
311|go and you start to relax into the process. You're allowing your unconscious to start processing things and now you are transitioning into the
321|flow state. Phase three is where the magic happens. Flow. I'm spending about 2 to four hours in that state every single day. This is where you just get
331|completely absorbed in the task at hand. My belief is that one hour of flow equals 8 hours of distracted work. Time starts getting distorted. You kind of almost forget yourself and you just get
342|completely immersed into the task at hand. Now, phase 4 is something that people often times skip. Recovery. It's important that you actually celebrate what you just got done, right? that it's
353|not just work, work, work, work, work work. You know, that's not the recipe for greatness. You know, you got to have the kind of circular motion where you're essentially doing the flow. You're
364|recovering, kind of celebrating the work you just got done. Maybe it's with a walk. Maybe you go reward yourself with it, some exercise, maybe you go for a nice lunch, whatever that may be for you. Then you take time to kind of
375|prepare for your next session the next day. And then repeat this cycle. So, you end up at this lifestyle that's just beautiful. It's peaceful. It's enjoyable. So, let me peel behind the
385|curtains here and show you guys my 4-hour deep work protocols. On the environment side, all about a dedicated workspace. My great spot here, no phones, no notifications, right? It's
395|optimized for comfort. I got my nice comfy chair here. I got this place cold as hell if I'm going to be honest, right? I'm Canadian, so I like the Arctic. On the technology side, I don't want you to overthink this, okay? The
406|key to flow is not a bunch of tools, but if there's some that you're interested in, one is the brick device. Okay, this device essentially goes and blocks all
416|social media on my phone. No YouTube, X, LinkedIn, Instagram, Tik Tok, none of that stuff. So, this little device allows me to make sure that even if I cave to those urges and pick up my phone
426|and I'm like, "Oh, I'm just going to check Instagram quick." Instagram isn't going to turn on because this handy device blocks it. On the noise side, you know, if you're into music while you're working, which sometimes I like to do,
436|right, just make sure you have a nice pair of headphones. I personally use wired headphones. I like to make sure there's nice light hitting me as well. So, right now, I'm overlooking the ocean here in Lisbon, Portugal. I can see
446|ships go by. If I need to ponder something or just think about something deeply, there's no better sight than just looking out to the ocean. When it comes down to then the ritual, right, I
456|think it's really important that you're doing this at the same time every single day. I like to just go and and get prepped, get my coffee, and then kind of just get after it. I'm also using the same space all the time. So, as you can
467|tell, I'm just reducing the variables. Same space, same time, same routine, same notebook, same water, all the things. You want to keep the routine insanely simple. So, hour one, right,
478|can be that struggle phase. Sometimes you're getting into it a little bit tripped up over some of the problems you're trying to solve, but you need to push through that initial resistance.
488|Now, hour two is when you start to finally release. You're now getting into that core focused mode around the real work you got to get done. For me, that could include things like exceptional
498|content creation, strategic decisions in the company, hiring folks, structuring new resources. At this point, I'm now diving into the flow phase. I'm
509|connecting the different dots, getting things done, and this is where the real magic happens. Hour four is where I'm starting to now integrate everything. This is how you start to build leverage from that flow state. If I've gone and
520|created some social strategy now that's really solid and made a bunch of new conclusions, I'm going to go and make a Loom video and go and share that with my social team so they're now in the loop and they're up to speed. You know, I
530|remember talking to my executive coach a few weeks ago and one thing that we came up with is that I should never be really working alone. I should always aim to bring people around me into the room
540|with me. As a founder, we have the opportunity to work on stuff that only we can do. But it's important that others on our team start seeing that work so we can also help them level up
550|and we can create maximum leverage and alignment across our team so that not everything comes back to us. So you don't want to be working alone for 4 hours. Move your business forward in a
561|big way, but leave your team behind. So, a big thing you can be doing then is sharing whatever you completed with the relevant stakeholders on your team so that you're all moving forward together.
571|I would actually say, you know, Meg, many things. The Super Bowl is one and the preeason and your flow routine is one the night before. The preflow routine, you're getting clear on your
582|one primary objective. I'm generally focusing on the one domino that when I hit that thing over, it makes everything else easier or unnecessary. From there,
592|I'm making sure that my list of things is good to go. I'm setting my intention, which you know, you can kind of see some of these intentions here. But I am getting a good sleep. I know that if I
602|get like 5 6 hours of sleep, my flow is probably going to be 50% less flow than I would if I got my 7 to 9 hours of sleep, which is generally what I need to be feeling like a rock star the next
612|day. In the morning, sometimes I get exercise. Some days I just choose to get right into it at my desk doing work from around, you know, 7 to 8:00 a.m. for 4
622|hours. Now, on the flow maintenance system, right, your attention management, one thing that is important is one priority at a time. I see a lot of founders think that they can multitask a thousand things at once.
632|That's not the case. So, make sure you're ideally checking through your list of stuff. And sometimes I'll even go and rank them. So, it's like I go through the first thing, then the second, then the third, then the fourth,
642|and I don't need to think during my flow state of, oh, what do I need to get done? No, it's already there on a list in front of me, and I'm just checking through that stuff. No distractions. My
652|team knows that in the morning, don't call me. There's no meetings. My meeting days are all gone and sandwiched on my Tuesdays, leaving me the rest of the week for flow. On the energy management
662|side, some things just to be aware of. I don't eat any sugar in the morning. I cly don't eat till about 100 p.m. eating windows generally between 1 and 7 and the rest of it I'm fasting. You do you.
672|The point is like I'm not eating like some bread in the morning before flow or I'm not eating a donut because you do those kind of things. I think your blood sugar starts to get all out of whack and you start to wonder why why am I so
682|distracted? Well, because your diet is Now, on the hydration side, one other hack that I use from Huberman is a lot of people, they think that hydration is key for focus, but oftentimes you're
693|a little bit deficient in salt. So, sometimes what I'll do is just put a bit of salt in my hand, like, yay, knock that back. I've come to really love it, to be honest. That's probably some weird obsession. And then just chug some water
704|back. What's really going on sometimes is your brain is just deficient in electrolytes. So, you get a little bit of salt in you, your brain's ripping. By the way, if you're enjoying this, this whole document is going to linked in the
716|description. You can go and download it and go and start applying these principles to your life and your daily founder flow state immediately. So, go check this out via the link in the description. Now, some deep work
726|amplifiers on the biological side. All right, again, sleep, guys. Sleep, sleep, sleep. I've done all the productivity things over the years, and I can tell
736|you sleep is by far the number one. So, make sure you're getting like 7 to n hours ideally. That's going to help also regulate your cortisol. Make sure that you're not tired during this and that
746|you can actually lock in for four hours. On the nutrition side, I personally don't even like to eat before getting into flow. I just got my salt, I got my water, and I got my two americanos.
756|That's what works for me. Do what works for you. On the sleep side, what this looks like is I don't bring any screens to bed. I'll sometimes watch my little documentary or I'll read a book or
766|whatever, but then when I go to my room, it's pitch black, just me and that sleep, right? So, it's deep, it's restorative, and I'm prepared for the next day. The other thing, like I
776|mentioned, is before I go to bed, I've got my list of things I'm getting done the next morning so that I just wake up and I get after it. Now, amplifier number two is cognitive enhancement. Right? Meditation is one of the greatest
787|things you can do to be able to enter a flow state even better. taking 10 minutes just to be in silence or maybe it's listening to a guided meditation. You choose whatever works for you, right? But the point is when you
797|meditate sometimes it helps you get into this practice much more easily and develop your attention on the memory phase. Developing your memory, I think
807|the key thing for me at least over the years has been sobby, right? I don't smoke, don't drink. Um, and that just helps me and my memory. On the creativity side, I think it really comes
817|down to approaching flow state like play. I think that entrepreneurs are like athletes and flow is like the sport we're playing. And so every day from 7
828|to 11:00 a.m. you're blocking off that time. And sometimes you want to ask yourself like what would this look like if it were fun? I think that boosts your creativity and causes you to make it enjoyable. I don't want it to feel like
839|something I dread. I think if you have that state when entering flow, you're probably doing something wrong. So ask yourself, what would this feel like? Or what would this look like if it were
849|fun? Or how could I make this feel like play? And so on amplifier 3, which is emotional regulation. Okay, you may find yourself getting disturbed at some point. You maybe, yeah, you see a slack message come through and it distracts
860|you. Let's just say try and work on that state of just calmness, right? Just come back to where you're at. Breathing techniques like a box breathing of four, four, four, four. Inhale, hold it for
870|four, exhale for four, and repeat can be a useful technique for just kind of grounding yourself. On the motivation side, for me, like I've mentioned you guys, my biggest mission in life is to
881|help you unlock your creative potential. Hence why I'm sharing my founder flow state cuz it's one of the core protocols I've got. That to me is enough motivation. Every single day, I'm just here to serve you guys and help you guys
892|out. And that's motivating as hell for me and gets me to jump out of bed every morning. What's that thing that's getting you to jump out of bed every morning? So that when you're in flow state and say you hit something and you get tripped up, you can always come and
903|be centered around what is your why. It should be something that energizes you and fires you up on the confidence building side, right? What's going to happen here is over a month too, you're
913|going to have a hell of a lot of wins to look back on. The beauty is then you start to stack those wins and you get the proof that your flow routine is working. That's when things get awesome.
923|You know, I'm 35 now, but when I was 23 and started implementing this stuff, it was amazing. Then when I could start getting done in a month, getting done in two months, and everything around me started to transform. I was able to exit
934|my first business, was able to start my second business at record speed, and just started getting more clarity, more momentum, started surrounding myself with better people, started building better systems, way more leverage around
944|me. Not just, you know, the people, but the tech and the media that was possible was insane. I can't wait to see what you do in your flow state. Amplifier 4, right, is your social environment. First
955|off, don't surround yourself with scrubs. Make sure your team, they are locking in as well. You should have a culture of flow. Each person in your team should respect one another's flow
965|because at the end of the day, that's everyone's zone of genius. And the more you can all be building a culture of flow where everyone is in flow, the more your company's probably going to grow.
975|And so on the isolation side, a lot of flow, a lot of productivity isn't about adding things. It's deleting things. So delete the distractions. Delete the
985|people around you. Delete the meetings. Delete the whatever the light that you get annoyed by. Whatever the hell it is, deletion will leave you with nothing but what you need to get done. And that way,
995|you're just locked in and ready to go. On the troubleshooting side, there's some problems that I hear you guys all the time cuz you message me about this. So you're probably even going to put it down below. So I'll save you your effort. Problem one, you can't enter
1006|flow state. Yes, you can. I want you to go and download this resource via the link in the description. Go and read through it and then go and trying to implement three aspects of this in your
1016|life today. Start building up those easy wins with some easy tasks. Problem two, you think that your flow state breaks too easily. Like anything, right? Flow is like a muscle. So, you may have to
1026|build up to 4 hours. That's okay, right? Focus on at least just getting into place and doing 30 minutes a day, an hour a day, an hour 15 a day, an hour 27
1036|minutes a day. It's just like lifting weights at the gym. Look at things like meditation, making sure that you're also relaxing, taking care of your health, you're working out, you're getting 10,000 steps, whatever it is that keeps
1046|you feeling good. You feel good, flow starts to become more effortless. Problem three is that your flow state doesn't last. Well, welcome to the club. Some days my flow lasts for 5 hours.
1056|Honestly, some days flow can only last for an hour and a half. And I just trust my own flow. I'm not here to beat myself up on a day that I just couldn't lock in
1066|for more than an hour and a half. You got to be forgiving yourself. You got to give yourself grace. If you're not going to be your own best friend, who else is going to be? Now, problem four could be
1076|your flow state feels forced. It probably will be if you're just getting started. The same way that going to the gym when you first start going feels forced. or when you're learning the piano at first it feels forced. any new
1088|thing is going to feel forced initially, but as you get into the process and you trust it, you start to go and, you know, build up that momentum and it starts to feel like just a regular thing that you
1100|do, right? So, when you're thinking about, well, what the heck should I even do when I'm in flow state? No worries, I got you. So, number one is strategic planning. Thinking about your vision, different problems that are coming up.
1110|What's that one thing that you could work on that would make everything else easier or unnecessary? Thinking about different outcomes you want, right? Right? Is it hiring that new person? Is it building this new YouTube strategy?
1121|Is it scaling up your ex presence? Is it building a newsletter strategy? Is it creating a funnel from awareness to transaction to 3x the profit in your business? You inevitably know what the
1131|highest leverage things are that you can go and get done in your business. The things that are in your zone of genius, the stuff that you're great at, you love to do, and that can make the biggest impact in the cash flow of your
1142|business. The intersection of those three pieces is likely the exact stuff you should be working on while in your flow state. The second aspect is product development. Inevitably, a great product
1153|solves most things. There's no better way to market than just having a great product in the first place that everyone wants to talk about. You know, what aspects of your product could you be improving? The user experience, looking
1163|at the flow from someone coming to you to onboarding to getting the product to then telling their friends. Which area of that needs improving? In addition to that, right, it's things like team leadership. You know, do you have the
1174|right structure for your team? Do you need to hire people, fire people, you know, compensate people differently? Right? A lot of that stuff takes that deep focus. And that's exactly what to
1184|do in your founder flow. And one added benefit I gave you is I created a 30-day flow state challenge. You can go and download this doc, like I said, in the link in the description, and go and
1194|start this challenge yourself and get your team onto this challenge, too. Step one, share this document with your entire team. That is a no-brainer because then you're dialed in for flow
1205|and you've got your whole team dialed in for flow. What's more high lever than that? The next aspect is your flow state community. I would actually say this is probably your most important aspect
1215|because as humans, we are mimedic, right? We copy those around us. And so, if you're around a bunch of people that are unproductive, you're probably going to be unproductive. This is exactly why I created Founder OS. It's a community
1226|of like-minded individuals that are all focused on unlocking unparalleled growth for themselves and for one another. There's such big collaboration benefits, right? Being around people that are
1236|dialing in their routines so you can learn the tips, tricks, systems to dial in your routine. I've given you my 90-day journey, how I've gone and approached this so you can do the same.
1246|And I've also gone and outlined things like the compounding benefits of unlocking your flow. The one thing you can do right now to get started is number one, download the doc. Two, share
1256|it with your team. And three, go and set a time tomorrow to go and unlock your flow state. Thanks for watching and let's win
