27|Most founders don't have a leadership problem. They have a sales problem. People start going and creating all this amazing content. They got their marketing out there. They're creating videos, but they can't go and convert all that attention they're driving to
38|actual cash flows. And what this leads to is a circle of burnout. You're running an amazing team, but you just can't monetize it. And so, sure enough,
49|you end up finding yourself in founder prison, right? Running a business that just isn't scaling and that you're not enjoying. So, in this video, I break down what it actually takes to go and build a high-performance
61|sales team. This isn't tactics or random hacks or stupid sales scripts. This is the actual details of what I've learned building sales teams over the last 20
73|years. The session you're about to watch is from a founder retreat I was running with 30 high growth founders in Bali, Indonesia, showing them some core systems that will help them go and scale
83|to the next level. These are founders for the most part that are looking to scale their businesses to $500,000 in revenue a month with simple systems, support, and access to me. If
94|you're interested in being in the room with me for the next one of these sessions and joining Founder OS, you can definitely go and check it out via the link in the description. We'll get on a call with you, learn what systems
105|currently keeping you stuck in your business, and we'll let you know how we can help. So, go and book that call. Enjoy this session and much love. sales. So, you know, we got to raise the energy
115|in here. You know, it's got to be like Wolf of Wall Street. Okay, let's first talk about when do you
126|even need a sales team? I think the most simplistic way that I think about this is that if you have a high ticket offer, right, which I would say is an offer above $2,000 and it's proven, you've
138|sold this thing yourself, when you sell it yourself, you're doing above a 30% close rate. And when you look at where you're looking to scale it to, number one, you don't want to be in sales for
148|the next two, three years of your life. You're kind of getting tired of being on these sales calls. And number two, you have a proven offer and you're looking to sell enough of it, you could afford
158|to bring on someone then to start selling it for you. So you didn't have to keep doing that thing. Now, the assumption here too is that you have enough capacity of what you're selling and enough demand for it that someone could in fact, you know, make a living
168|being a salesperson for you. But for many of the people here, you know, you do have a high ticket thing. You have been selling quite a bit of it. It is proven. You're looking to scale it more.
178|Um, and you want some help doing that. Maybe the next step goes to then, well, how the hell do you structure and pay a sales team? Let's say, right? Cuz some of you guys get curious on like
188|compensation and all that. There's a lot of different compensation models, but one that is common in the sort of high ticket space for closers, the compensation often times is between 7.5%
200|to 10%. We pay 10% at Founder OS, just to be transparent. Often times you have setters, which could be folks that are, you know, DM setters and IGDMs setting
211|up those sales calls. They could be folks that are inbound setters, so the ones that, you know, when someone's looking to book an initial call, see if they're even right for your program. someone's getting on a call with them maybe and you have enough of demand that
222|you just have a setter first get on a 15-minute call, sus out if that person's even in the pocket for what you're doing. And then if they are in fact, you know, in the right kind of buying pocket, the right kind of persona, all
232|that sort of stuff, would then set them on a call with a closer, which is more in-depth. And what you're trying to do there is block and tackle any people that may not be in the pocket from just wasting a closer time. So setters
243|typically make between say 3% and 5% of cash collected. Just what I mean by that on the cash collected side is say you sold something that was
253|$40,000 and it was over fourmonth payment plan. You know a closer or a setter would make you know 10 or 5% respectively each of the months of those four months, right? They wouldn't make
263|it all upfront. So their percentage is based on when the cash comes in. At found we pay 5%. So, when you were asking about some of those percentages this morning on the finance side as to the breakdown of like the different
274|departments, I had mentioned to you that sales was around 18%. Because you got your 15% here and then maybe roughly 3% on like a sales management or sales ops
284|side as well. This is just how we choose to do things, but you can structure these things any way you want. The nice thing about this is that there's no base salary in terms of how we structure it.
294|like they win when we win versus they're feeling like there's a massive base going out, but sales are plummeting, let's say, and then suddenly you have this massive overhead that you got to
304|support. Your alignment is kind of misaligned. You know, you're trying to go and sell more and try to get the team to hustle to like make [\h__\h] happen. Meanwhile, they're kind of like just chilling cuz they're on like a fat-based salary and they're not very motivated.
314|The good news is that in the high ticket space, this is a common comp model. The more demand you have for your offer, the more proven it is and the better the commission, the higher level people you can get to come work for you. So, who do
324|you want to come work for you? You know, we talked this morning about really getting folks that align with your values, right? So, that all remains true. I talked about also people that have great competencies on the sales
334|side and a proven track record. I think proven track record is probably the most important like in terms of like, you know, yes, people that fit your values, but also, you know, they've done this [\h__\h] before at a high level. The two
344|things that I think are like the signs you're looking for in people that is true no matter, you know, what you do is number one that they're coachable. The reality is like you've been running your
354|offer for some time. You know all the depth of it. Someone coming in isn't going to know all the intricacies of teaching people English in the French market or teaching founders operating
364|systems and how to run their business less chaotically. So, they're going to have to be a student of the game and be willing to really learn a lot about the offer, watch a lot of successful sales calls, learn about the different kinds
375|of objections that come up, and really be hungry to go and solve that stuff. Which leads to the second part of it too is they need to be hungry as hell. You need people that are driven. You know,
386|all of us know how like much it sucks to be rejected in life. And no one gets rejected more than sales folks. They basically wake up and take like five rejections a day. That's what they eat,
397|sleep, breathe is just people saying, "No, not now." and they've got to be hungry enough, have that kind of like internal fire to just want to keep on kind of showing up, learning, serving,
407|helping folks, being a student of the game. And you want them to have that kind of like internal engine because what I've learned is like you can't really teach that. All things considered, those two things are the most important. Coachability and hunger.
420|All right, let's get into now the kind of core three that are super important when you're managing a sales team. When you're going and hiring salespeople,
430|typically what I'd recommend you do is hire two people to get going with. Number one, it causes them both to compete against one another. What it allows too is like if someone's raising some excuse like, "Oh, you know, I'm
441|selling this thing, but like the price is too high." First off, you should know that the price is not too high because you've sold the thing before. So, you can tell them, "No, that's not true. Go and watch the 20 calls I've done where I've sold the thing at this price."
452|That's not the issue. Let's go and review your calls. The second thing is you're going to have another person selling the offer. They're going to be closing deals. it kind of polices things a little bit, right? Because you have two folks getting out there. If both
462|people are running into some sort of obstacle, maybe it's real. But if it's just one person, it may just be some sort of like limiting belief or some sort of coachable thing that you can improve in that person. So, three things
473|to consider, the stuff that I don't think most people think about, but you need to have this in place when you're running a sales team. Number one, at least three times a week, meetings.
483|We'll get into how to run those. Two is projections. every single week on Monday, closers and setters on the meeting setting their projections for
493|the week. Closers saying how much cash collected they're going to get that week. Setters saying how many closed sets or sorry, how many sets they're going to get that week. The third thing here is end of day and end of week
505|reports. There's a lot more, you know, that goes into like the intricacies of this stuff, but these three things make up 80% of what's going to help the team start to get its rhythm. So, three times
515|a week meetings. All right. So, we got Monday, Wednesday, Friday. The big thing with a sales team, right, is you've got to have good leadership. There's a lot of different teams and dynamics across a
526|company. What I've learned across sales is like sales people can smell weak leadership. They need to feel confident that like you know the offer, you believe in it, right? You're confident that like you can sell this thing. So,
536|sometimes we, you know, get hit with different imposttor syndrome or we don't feel confident in ourselves as a founder. These things come up. You got to kind of show a level of confidence with these people because they're essentially going to war for you like
546|kind of every day getting on like seven calls, seven hours of just tons of different energies of people and such, right? That they need to feel a level of sturdiness with you as a leader to then
556|be able to go out there and all these conversations and feel solid. Also considering that 100% of their compensation is commission based, you know, you got to make these people feel
566|confident that like the founder doesn't feel confident in what's going on or doesn't seem like they know what they're doing. How the hell am I going to go and, you know, look my wife in the eye at the end of the day and say, "Yeah, you know, I'm going to sell this thing."
576|And I know there's no money guaranteed here, but we're going to be just fine. You got to really like help these guys out. Help the people out on your team feel that confidence, that leadership. So, this Monday, Wednesday, Friday
587|meeting rhythm really matters. Now, in terms of how you're running those, the default is the stuff I went over with you this morning, right? Starting with wins. Then, we're going to get into ideally some training. You should be
597|thinking through the kinds of things they need to be trained on, which could be things like your offer. It could be new updates that you're putting out to the community. You could even play them some recent wins that have happened
607|amongst people just to give them confidence that like what they're out there selling is like something that's like actually working for people. Examples of this is like, you know, inside Founder OS in our Slack community, we have a client wins channel
618|where we're constantly sharing like all the wins that are happening every day across all the communities and it's inspiring them and they know that like anytime they get out there, they're on a call. It's like they know what we're doing at Founder Us is legit and that if
628|someone's a good fit, like you can feel confident you're selling them into something that's like amazing. Another thing that you do on these calls often times are call reviews. You can ask different closers like, "Hey, let me see
638|a call that you want some coaching on. Could be one that you did really well on that we want to make an example of or one that you think you could have done better on and you want some coaching on." Pull up the Zoom, share the sound with everyone, and everyone's basically
648|watching game film together as if you're a bunch of NFL players learning what you did wrong on the field. So, we'll sidetrack there for a sec. little side quest. There are three parts to a sales
658|call. Number one, the discovery. That's 20 minutes back and napkin. Number two, the pitch. That's 20 minutes back and napkin. And the third part is objection
668|handling, which is the final 20 minutes of a sales call. When you're booking sales calls, don't book 30 minute sales calls. Make sure you all lot 1 hour. One hour is what's needed to at least ensure
680|that you have the time on the calendar if needed to properly like both understand the prospect and what's going on. Understanding context there so you can even determine if what you do and
690|what you offer is even right for this human. The second aspect then is like giving yourself time to go over likely kind of the three main parts of your offer. Simply breaking it down into we do this, this, and this. and having the
702|space to kind of describe those three, but pause after each one and ask them like, "Does that make sense? Do you have any questions on that?" So like in Founder OS, we have 180 simple systems all the way from helping you drive
712|awareness on social to helping you convert that awareness into an owned audience using your content GPS to driving it to your own offer. Doesn't matter the industry you're in. I'll pause for a second. Do you have any
722|questions on that? You know, anything we can dive into there? Cool. All right. The next aspect is we hope this these epic founder retreats all over the world. three days with me, my seuite, jamming on your business in a customized
733|setting, yada yada yada. Any questions on that? You know, can I clear anything up? They may have questions on those. You're kind of clearing them up as you pitch it. In the final 20 minutes, you've probably dropped at this point,
743|saying, "Hey, is there any final questions here?" They're like, "No, pretty sure that's it." You want to make sure you flushed all the questions out around the offer, around anything that's come up throughout the whole 39 minutes
754|of the call up to this point. And then just simply say, "Okay, cool. Well, how this typically works, it's 29K, annual membership, however your thing works, and then just be quiet after one or two
764|sentences, and then see what comes up. That's where there's typically four kinds of objections to things. Pricing objections, timing objections, spouse
774|objections, or partner objections, meaning business partner objections. Your closers will feel those based on the training that you've given them. You're giving them time, too, in those
784|final 20 minutes to work through that stuff. Why we call these people closers, I mean, typically is like my thinking on that and what I've heard is that closing begins when objections begin. And you
794|should assume that whenever you're selling someone anything, there are going to be objections. It's just natural, right? People have questions or they're curious or is this really for me or who else have you worked with or have you worked with my industry before or
804|I'm not sure like, you know, I'm going to wait a few months. I'm not sure if the right the timing right now is right for me. And these are all common things that come up no matter what humans are buying. And it's not that we need to pressure them into buying now. And I'm
815|not encouraging us to use some like crazy sales tactics or sell our soul here. It's not about that. But it is about like you've created something. There's probably someone that's maybe been following you on social media for
826|like 8 months at this point. They're on a call. They've learned it's really right for them and they're and they're curious to get started and they may just need some like almost coaching there a little bit to help them think through it, you know, make the decision that's
836|right for them. So amidst that whole 60inute sequence that we just talked about, there's a lot of aspects in there that can go wrong or that people need help with or they're not sure about and the devil's in the details because you
847|essentially have a team of people that are just going through that process 30 times a week per closer 90 times across the team if you have three of them 360
857|times a month. If that dance that goes on every month 360 times or in a year 4,500 times, like you want to make sure that dance is done in a way that's
867|pleasant that you know the most rewarding thing I see when I feel like this is done right is that I'll get messages from folks on Instagram as an example or get bubbled up in the client wins channel and it's from someone
878|that's like, "Hey, listen. Found isn't right for me right now, but I just want to say I was on a call with Ben. That was the best call I've had all month. That guy's a legend. Thanks for setting me up on that call." I'm like, like
888|that's what we want to hear. They didn't feel pressured. They didn't feel any weirdness. They're like, "No, this was awesome. Like, I got on this call. I learned more. It ain't right, but like your team's legit." And we get those
898|kind of messages all the time because of the level of talent that we bring on the team and the level of training that we do, the people that are on boarded in terms of like how we approach sales,
908|which isn't the same way that everyone else does. It's the kind of sales that's in line with our values. We keep it simple. We obsess over quality. We dazzle founders. It should have a soul to it and we want to make sure that the
918|level of hospitality that we're showing people is unreasonable, right? Going above and beyond just to serve them, help them out whether or not they work with us. So that's kind of our approach. All right, projections. On the
928|projection side, the core thing here, it's super simple. Closers are simply setting probably a cash collected goal per week and setters are setting the
938|number of sets they're doing in a week. The reason why this is important is that you're basically on Mondays getting folks to kind of like shoot their shot,
948|developing a degree of like public accountability across the team, right? It just creates a level of like I don't know, running it more like a sports team, right? Than just like another day
958|at the office. What happens over time too is like you have like multiple closers like one guy's projecting like 20K, let's just say for the week, right? the other guy maybe he says 20k too or maybe one guy was thinking 15 but then
969|the other guy says 20 and the other guy's like oh all right [\h__\h] it I'll match it just starts to create this like again this camaraderie on the team and again there's a level of accountability because each week then we're looking on the next Monday okay how did you do last
981|week and we're kind of like rapidly measuring performance when I was younger the feedback loops I would have in my companies was like once a quarter review what someone had said oh you know I'm going to you know on social media we're
992|going to grow this much by the end of the quarter the end of Q1 comes around it's April But one, it's like, damn, we didn't even grow near that. You have a conversation with them and then you wait how they do three more months. And the issue is like the feedback loops there
1002|are way too long. When you kind of shorten the cycle of things, that's how you start to tighten up the growth in your company. So similarly here, I'm not having one sales meeting a week. I'm
1012|having three a week. I'm not asking for projections over a month. I'm asking it for a week. So everything we're doing is shortening the cycles. And the same pattern goes again for every department in your company. If you're ever looking
1023|to go and make something run faster, shorten the cycles. So, as an example, if I start to find there's a tech bottleneck in the company, I may just go for a month and increase the tech meetings to three per week and asking
1034|the tech team like, "What are you committing to today that you'll have done by Wednesday? Wednesday for Friday." So, we're just shortening the cycles and keeping things way more tightly accountable. End of day and end of week reports are simply just a
1045|summary of like what were the calls that you were on today, what came up, and what were the next steps? and going and sending that in Slack as an end of day report, keeping them accountable. It also informs the rest of the team as to
1055|like where people are coming from, what were their challenges. The rest of the team can look at these reports and as a sales manager, you should be looking at these reports to kind of understand like what are the patterns that are coming up. Are a lot of people running into
1066|timing objections? Okay, cool. Maybe we should train the team on that. Are a lot of my leads coming from YouTube? Okay, [\h__\h] Something's going on on YouTube here. People really resonated with that content we put out 2 weeks ago. I should maybe go and make more videos like that.
1077|Which leads me to just one quick pattern there too that I look at because obviously I'm involved in the sales team, but I primarily see myself as like the marketer behind the company. That's at least like my own approach is that
1087|I'm constantly looking for signals that are coming from sales to inform what I'm going to go create and how my performance is on the marketing side. Cuz my goal is to try and persuade
1097|people that by the time they're on sales calls, they're already ready to join. I'm constantly trying to understand from the sales team what's working. What are people saying when they're coming to you? What were they watching beforehand?
1108|Are you seeing any patterns here? And then using that as a flywheel that I put back into the content strategy. End of week reports isn't all that different. You're basically just getting people to report on, okay, they projected a
1118|certain amount by end of week. Did they hit it? And if they didn't, why not? And what are they going to do next week to get back on track if they're off track? Whether it's you guys selling or you have a team selling, but I'll talk about
1129|it as a team because that's how I look at it these days. Is okay, these people are trying to make a living, right? and them making a living is really important to me. The one piece when I think about selling something on the kind of cohort
1139|evergreen vibe, right, is like if I was managing a team, I want anytime someone's on a call, like and I'm talking from my team standpoint, I want them to be able to make money period. And I want them to like be in the money
1151|9 hours a day cuz that's what I would want in their shoes. I would want to know that like I'm getting on a call and every call that I'm on, I have a damn good chance at like making a living for my family. And like with everything, I'll just remind us like this is just
1162|what we do. Some of this you're like, "Oh, that's a good idea. I like that." Other parts of it you're like, "Gh, I hate that." It's like, "Good." Everyone's got their own approach, right? I think that what's useful here is like to show you a little bit behind
1172|the curtain like the general thinking and then you can like steal stuff or adapt stuff or throw out stuff based on what you want to do cuz this certainly is a blend of that too, right? I've just seen different things I like that I
1183|resonate with. I've taken little pieces and along the way said no to like 90% of what I've seen out there as well. I'd say the only thing with a lot of this stuff that's true is that it's going to keep changing and adapting over time and
1193|that all this stuff is iterative. Doesn't really matter how you like end up running your sales team, you're going to start like listening to feedback from them and like evolving it. That's good for us for a few reasons. We go really
1204|big with content. Like we go really big like I talked to you this morning around our margins with content. So, I want to know like as I'm outlaying this content and we're going bigger with marketing and I'd like to keep on going bigger and bigger, starting a second YouTube
1215|channel, doing more cinematic [\h__\h] like just going big with it, right? I want to know that like we're collecting off that at a good rate so I can feel confident continuing to go bigger on the marketing end cuz that's just what we want to do.
1226|I think that because we're doing all this amazing marketing and we're so generous on that side, if someone's on a call with us, like by default, they know what the hell we do. And I think they're
1237|showing up pretty warm to that call. Cuz I think that the default emotional state someone's in off of organic content is curious. Whereas the default emotional state that someone's in off of ads is
1247|skeptical. So if someone's curious and then you build confidence, they convert in a way that is going to have a higher propensity to pay more upfront. where someone's skeptical and you get them
1257|over the fence, they're going to say, "Hey, I'm willing to dip my toe in the water and you better be legit, but I'll pay you over 6 months." It's going to be likely a little bit different, but through proper training and through
1268|proper content and nurturing and like proper pre-all sort of content as well, pre-all videos, pre-all emails, all that, you know, you can get someone even
1278|from cold ads to like move up that trust ladder. And through proper training, the calls can also build people's trust as well. Put this through your own filter, obviously, right? This is just our quick
1288|crash course on this, right? We're talking about managing sales teams and all this, so I'm kind of giving you just the nuts and bolts of it. What we haven't talked a ton about here is again that vibe and the energy, which I'd
1298|actually say is like again another 50% of the equation. You know, we're constantly kind of like talking on the team about like how do we be of service to these people? How do we go above and beyond? Some recent things I've seen
1308|that I've been really proud of our sales team for is every single guy on my sales team now has gone and brought on a VA on their own dime. I've never been on a team that people have done that before.
1318|So, they're basically taking this like 10% that I'm giving them, giving a person underneath them a cut and then using that person to then go and own
1328|their personal WhatsApp and making sure that any person that's been on a call then is being followed up with in WhatsApp. Relationships are being built. they're helping them out. Sometimes
1338|those processes go on for 3, four months and then suddenly now someone's in. And I think we generate around 50 up to 50% of cash collected in a month from follow-ups, which is pretty insane. One
1349|thing that I think we always want to index very high on that I've only more recently deter, you know, figured out that it was rare that I thought was common place is caring. And I think
1359|everyone here has that as well. I think that's kind of why we all, you know, gravitate to one another, right? is that we like generally care about stuff beyond just this [\h__\h] that we've been talking about. You know, it's also just
1369|like we want to build a great thing. We want to enjoy our lives. We want to actually genuinely serve people. We want to show up in a way that's like really beautiful. You know, I often times talk to my team about like it's almost like
1379|we want to make people feel like they're coming to like this luxury hotel. Welcome to my Zoom call. Like it's great to have you here. How's your day going? What's been going on with you? You know, I've seen calls like when we've looked
1389|at them afterwards just picking a random one like one of my closers and the, you know, the founder are like crying. It's like, well, what the hell happened here? It's like, oh, there's just some
1399|emotional stuff came up and it they broke up and then the the closer started sharing. It's like, what the heck is going on? And it's just this vibe of like, okay, wow, like we're really just
1409|indexing high on caring, right? And I think like, you know, we live in this like trust route. Something like 70% of Americans don't trust their neighbors. And so if you can just like pour your
1419|heart into it, foster a team where like everyone just [\h__\h] cares, um I think then inevitably people can feel that level of like care, that emotional
1429|resonance on a given call. And I think it is possible to build a sales team like that despite what you've seen out there, despite like what people teach you and all that. I think beyond like closing tactics or really anything that
1440|we've talked about here, if you can find people that really really care, they're really like hungry to help others, hungry to help you as a founder, they're coachable, they're willing to learn so
1450|that they can show up in amazing way to serve people, and then day in day out, they're just trying to get 10% better, which in 100 days is 13,800 times better. Like, you're then going to start building something really special. So,
1462|we'll leave things there. Thanks, guys. Appreciate you.
