1|Most people can't speak clearly and that's why nobody listens to them. I wasn't born a great communicator. My ideas were good, but I would overthink every single word and come across as awkward or insecure. Becoming a better
11|speaker changed everything. It's the unfair advantage that helped me build my audience to 2.8 million people and helps me run a portfolio of online businesses that I can operate from anywhere in the world. So, today I'll
21|share the six communication skills that will make you more articulate than 99% of people. Skill number one, the authenticity code. Now, for years, I tried to sound like other entrepreneurs. I would see a speech from Gary Vee or
32|you see something from Tony Robbins or Jesse Sler, and I would try to embody their energy in what I do. You know, what I realized over time is that, you know, I'm not them. I don't view the
42|world the same. I don't use the same language, and we don't even have the same energy. What I've realized is that my uniqueness, it's me. You know, when I go and survey founders that join Founder
52|OS and ask them, "What is it that caused you to join?" About 64% of founders tell me that it's your energy, Matt. It's your vibe. And so, I'm here to tell you that your unique energy is what's going
64|to separate you. You don't need to be like Alex Heroszi, Ivon Gazi, Tony Robbins, or Gary Vee. You just need to get comfortable being you. The reality is is that you have your own way of
74|speaking, your own energy, your own tonality. And it's your own quirks and vibes that people are going to resonate with, and that's going to separate you from everyone else. Now, when you get
84|talking and when you start to go and speak around your given space, what you'll find is that there's common words or phrases you like to use. For me, that's things like the content waterfall
94|system, personal media company, founder brands, and founder flow. And so, what are the words that you own? Now, when I think about some of the most well-known people online, they all own a core word.
105|Whether it's James Clear for habits, Ryan Holidayiday for stoicism, Olli Abdal for productivity, I own systems. You know, what word is it that you own that when people hear that thing, it
116|should be a trigger for them to go follow you. You know, your words matter and owning your own content IP is everything. You know, you need to go and discover your own authentic voice.
126|Here's how to go and find your most authentic voice in just 4 weeks. Step one is go and take a YouTube video or any speech you've done and go and send it to your five best friends. From
136|there, step two is go and book a call with them and have them go and give you just their unfiltered, brutally honest advice around what they loved around it and the things that they would suggest
147|that you improve. From there, what I'd recommend is that you just listen and you're just writing notes. Step three now is view them as your authentic voice coaches. Go and incorporate that
158|feedback into your next presentation, into your next video you may create. You know, your authentic voice isn't going to happen overnight. It's going to come through iteration. Skill number two, the
168|simplicity filter. For 6 months building Founder OS, I didn't know exactly how to articulate the positioning of the company. I made it super complex, right? The more simple things are, the more
178|easy it is for the word to spread. About 60% of your customers are going to hear about your business through word of mouth. And so, you want to make sure that you articulate your ideas in a way
188|that is simple. But you're probably thinking, how do I actually go and make them simple? Well, first off, think about communicating in an eighth grade vocabulary. Get rid of the long complex
199|words. Keep things short, easy, and simple. Also, number two, eliminate any jargon. Right? There's always that industry speak that you know, maybe your
210|industry friends know, but outside no one else knows. And when we think about going and creating ideas that will travel, we want to make sure that we're not just appealing to a core audience of people inside of your industry, but that
221|you're able to go and attract a new and casual audience as well, which is going to allow, you know, your brand, your message to come up at a dinner table audience and for everyone to understand
232|what it is that you do. When you have a simple way of communicating your brand, it doesn't just help you articulate yourself in person. It also helps you articulate yourself online. You know, when I go and I have a bio, let's say on
244|Instagram or on LinkedIn, what I've noticed is when that bio is incredibly simple, for example, helping you build a profitable audience with organic content, I see the percentage of people that go and hit my profile follow me at
256|a much higher percentage. And so this is just an example of not just seeing how clear speaking, you know, in person helps, but also when you articulate yourself clear online, it can actually
267|help people go and follow you and build the movement you're looking to create. You know, there's this famous saying, be clear, not clever. This is what's going to allow your ideas to travel and inevitably is just going to make you a
277|lot more money. Complexity isn't a sign of intelligence. It's a sign of insecurity. And if people can't understand you, they can't trust you, buy from you, or follow you. All of the greatest leaders in history had this
288|amazing ability to just simplify what it is they do. Because if you can't clearly articulate yourself in a simple way, well, you probably don't really know what you're doing. Skill number three,
298|master your preoter cortex. Early in my career, I thought I was a great communicator because I could just riff. But my ideas never landed. I was just rambling with people. You know, I would
308|go and talk about an idea, have it barely even formed, not even practice it, and thought I was awesome just because I could go and hit it off the dome. But what I realized is people
318|weren't resonating with it because I wasn't actually putting that much time into preparation. You know, those who prepare more in training bleed less in war. You know, meaning that also when you're going and looking to, you know,
329|communicate articulately and really have a message that resonates with people, you're going to benefit a lot by actually preparing a lot. You know, when I go and deliver a workshop to audiences online, you know, I make sure that I
340|practice that given workshop about 20 times before I go live. It's in this preparation that I become much more comfortable with what I'm about to go and speak about. And that's what
350|makes it resonate. It's the fact that I've put in the work so that when I'm actually articulating it, there's a degree to which that person can tell that I know what I'm doing. If you want to articulate yourself better
360|than anyone else out there, you need to go and put in the work. Again, this is not just me, right? Steve Jobs was one of the greatest presentation speakers of all time. He was famous for
370|going and drawing up on pen and paper exactly what he was going to go and articulate in any of his Apple keynote speeches. This is what allowed him to come across so clearly, so simply, and
381|in a way that really was breathtaking to so many people in the world. Here's the truth. If your thoughts are jumbled in your head, your words won't resonate when they come out. When people can't follow you, they can't
391|trust you. It's why it's more important than ever with so much noise everywhere and trust at an all-time low that you're able to articulate yourself. Here's how to practice this. First off, before your
402|next speech or next presentation, first go and get a pen and paper and go and write down all of your potential thoughts that you want to get across. Then often times what I'll go and do is
412|take a highlighter and go and highlight some of the key ideas that I want to make sure are incorporated into that presentation. Now, from there, I'll go and synthesize all of the highlighted
422|pieces and then go a layer deeper there, coming up with the specific words, phrases, ideas, or thoughts that are going to help them travel the best. I also make
432|sure that I'm weaving in my storytelling as well and have stories for each key idea so that, you know, they're that much more powerful. Clarity on paper becomes confidence in person. Skill
442|number four, the clarity pyramid. The complexity trap is where most experts get stuck. They over complicate things to sound intelligent, but that complexity creates confusion, and the
452|confusion kills trust. Top 1% speakers do the opposite. They make complex ideas simple. Think about Steve Jobs at Apple unveiling the new iPhone. He brought it down just to three key things.
462|It was a messaging device, music device, and communications device. Think about Jeff Bezos talking about Amazon and their mission. It was simply just to be customer obsessed. Or think about Warren
473|Buffett talking about his shareholder letters. You know, in his job, he just determines as saying no to 99% of things. I get told all the time, "Matt, you're great at taking complex business
483|systems and making them sound so simple." Well, it doesn't happen naturally. I use something what I call the clarity pyramid. It goes something like this. Level one, a simple statement. It's one sentence that
494|encapsulates the whole idea. Level two, three supporting points that prove your statement. Level three, stories, data, and examples that make it real. So the next time you prepare for a meeting or
504|you're making content, ask yourself, what's the one thing that I want people to understand? From there, go and make sure that that one core idea has three supporting points and that there's
514|examples, stories, and data to back it up. Make it as memorable as possible. So go and take that one thing you're looking to get across and go and now tell the audience a story of how you
524|first struggled with that thing, how you then learned the given point and it help you overcome the struggle and achieve some big desirable goal. People will not just resonate with the lesson you're
534|trying to get across, but see themselves in the story you're telling, which is going to make it that much more relatable and heavy-hitting. Simplicity isn't dumbing down, it's leveling up.
544|Skill number five, the story spine. When I started creating content, I started blasting people with data and realized though that it wasn't resonating with them. One day I was mentoring a founder
554|named Anetta and she said, "Matt, you know, I understand these content systems are important, but can you tell me the story as to how you discovered them in the first place?" I started showing Anetta, you know, how I'd use systems like my batching system and content GPS
566|to go and build this amazing audience, transform my life, and be able to also travel the world while just working on content a few hours a month. Finally, when I delivered this story, I could
576|tell that something clicked for Anetta. Finally, it all made sense why these systems were so important. That's also when I realized that I had been delivering these systems and this content in a way that wasn't quite there
588|because it was lacking the storytelling. You know, stories form this amazing vehicle that allow our ideas to travel. And for me, if I'm just going to go and
598|give you a system, well, a system may get you half the way there, but it's a whole other way if you're able to understand how I discovered it in the first place and the impact it's made in
608|my life. You know, I found that people were able to really resonate with my topics and content that much more. The truth is, if you don't structure ideas as stories, people won't remember them. And if they don't
618|remember them, you don't exist. Storytelling is really what connects us all as humans, right? It's what allows ideas to travel. And so, as you're looking to go and make your brand more
628|of a household name, you're looking to build a cult following around what you do, you need to go invest in your stories. You know, when you have this whole story infrastructure, you kind of have the fabric that people can now use
639|to understand who you are as a human. Because when people are able to connect with you on a deep level, they're going to follow you and follow your brand. Skill number six, the resonance engine.
649|I learned this technique from a legend on my team named Petey. You know, Petey would go and hammer me for going and, you know, talking about given subjects that he thought were too surface level.
660|But the truth is, when I kept hearing him talk about this, I didn't understand what he meant. You know, I thought I was really serving people on a deep level and speaking to their core. But little
670|did I know, I was hardly even scratching the surface. So, I asked Pety, you know, why don't you go give it a shot? you know, go and make a piece of content for me and let me see what you actually mean
680|by this. I was shocked. PD had gone and drawn up an entire YouTube script and the way it was written, I could clearly now see what he meant by really getting
690|in my audience's core thoughts and head versus the surface level content I had been putting it out. And trust me, it changed my life. You know, here's how I would describe it. You know, at first I was talking about
701|systems that would help a founder go and create content so they can get more of their time back. You know, yes, this is what a lot of people love and need, but it didn't speak to them on a deep
711|level. What PD had gone and articulated was something along the lines of the following. You know, you go and you're making content day after day, but you're on a content hamster wheel. You end the day, you look yourself in
722|the mirror while you're brushing your teeth, and you're wondering how much longer you can go living like this. You've been going over a year making content, the leads are slowly trickling in. But when you go and you look at your
733|filming schedule and the writing you need to do the next day, you wonder if this workload is sustainable. You've been doing it for a year, but when you look at the next 10 years, there's no
743|way you could keep up. You can see here between the two differences of what I just brought up. One is, you know, a surface level understanding of what my core customer is really going through.
753|The second is literally articulating the exact story going on in that person's subconscious mind. What are they actually thinking? What's the real struggle? What's that real story that
764|they're going through? And how do you go and speak to that voice in their head? When you can go and articulate the problem your dream customer has better than they do, that's when you know
775|you've tapped into something special. And that is when they will go and genuinely trust you. You know, I used to think my audience just wanted systems tips, but now I know that people want freedom from overwhelm. You know,
787|they want clarity. When you can speak to the story in someone's mind, they're going to understand that you really get them and you're not just looking to sell them. And thereby, they're going to want to become a core customer of what you're building.
798|This is the power of resonance. If you want to go and implement these communication skills into your business and life today, go and check out my confident speaking protocol via the link in the description. And if you like this
808|video, don't forget to subscribe.
