3|There is an advent of AI going and transforming underneath our fingertips here and I think most businesses are going to die in the next 12 months. You know, I'm talking to founders that are doing $30 million plus a year in revenue
13|that are shaking in their boots because one person in their garage with a swarm of AI agents is going and just completely transforming that business model. What I'm going to be doing here
24|is going and mapping out the five core areas of the stack with my good friend John and we're going to be diving into things like awareness, inquiry, sales, delivery, and then automations and
34|looking at what the founder stack is going to look like in 2030. Let's get into it. How I think about this full stack Yep. is where is AI eating into and where should I play? Mhm.
44|>> So when I think about the most successful founders, you're constantly asking yourself what is the highest point of leverage that I should be doing that someone else can't do. >> Right. So let's talk about that cuz maybe there's like a criteria by which maybe us both and like founders in
55|general should be even thinking before they just dive in on this [\h__\h] So we'll say criteria. Um cool. So that one was Go for it. I
65|would just say like where is my humanity and taste required? Okay. Everything else because my thesis and I'm going to get to here is everything else should be done by AI. Right. >> That is essentially where we're getting to where a year ago people were saying
77|one person billion dollar businesses, Yeah. I think we just hit the technological escape velocity point where that's going to start happening and it's about who's going to be prescient enough to know what part of the stack for their particular
89|personality they should be exerting their taste and then combining that with like really really methodical moniable thoughts around, okay, how do I build an army of AI agents that handle the rest
99|of this and are thinking on my behalf. All right. I love this. So let's talk about taste for a second, right? Cuz it's kind of a loaded word, right? Like, oh, you know, be vulnerable or you got to be more authentic as a creator, right? And then there's taste. I mean,
111|when I think about it, I think it's like your own unique combination of sort of references, data, your judgment, your intuition, maybe even like a bit of like something above that like calls you to
121|like have just like around the edges like this is beautiful and good and is, you know, something that I think others would love and this is like no bueno. Yeah. How do you view it? If I were to
131|try to condense it down to a mental model as you push me on this, I think I actually view it through the lens of the left brain and the right brain. Okay. As in all of us all of us are on I tell the team my team all the time, when you
141|think about the next wave of founders, many of them will be what I call successful creator entrepreneurs. Like our most successful customers here at Stand are all creator entrepreneurs. And what I mean by that is if you think about the spectrum of creative to
151|entrepreneur, on one side you have an artist to the nth degree. So let's say Vincent Van Gogh, right? Who was like an artist to his own degree and never saw commercial success while he was alive. And on the other side on the entrepreneur side you have someone like Bezos or Elon who are highly mechanical,
162|highly rational. But arguably one could say like maybe they should go to a little therapy, you know. Point being to answer your question on taste, I think there's two forms of taste that I recognize in myself. One is the right
172|brain side, so the creative side. And that's all of us are born as a human being or a soul that has unique ways that they want to express themselves. We all uniquely care about something. It's like what is our gut? I think that is
182|the taste in which you present yourself. That's like actually the outcomes of brand in many ways. Like when people think about brand that's actually just someone exerting their taste in the world. Mhm. Right? So that's the right brain side. The left brain side, when I
192|think about taste, I think it just you can condense it down to insight. And so I think the most successful founders are finding the pinpoint between their insights in the market. So that's the
202|very logical brain being like, holy [\h__\h] I see this market opportunity, right? I see that people, for example, want to like we are hitting a world where the macro environment is leading to so many people being able to be
213|entrepreneurs and also needing to be entrepreneurs given where like society is heading in terms of corporate layoffs. Like you and I think have both recognized that there's a clear market opportunity and an insight to like, holy
223|[\h__\h] there's going to be a lot more entrepreneurs in this next wave. And then creatively authentically like both of us are called to some version of like, this is also sick. And I know exactly how I want to help people. I
233|want to help founders specifically in this way build this thing. And that's like you expressing your taste and it's a it's a Venn diagram to intersection ideally between your logical insights and then also your creative endeavors
244|and how you want to express yourself in this world. >> And I'm also thinking about this model too in the sense of like how are agents in this new like agentic wave going to change these areas that people will also
254|be able to understand, okay, well, like this is where we see sales going or this is where we see, you know, personal brands going in the future. >> Totally. Once you know now the rules of the game and how you're going to play
264|it, the first bit here is awareness. And that's what this channel is all about, right? Really helping you go and build a profitable founder-led brand and do it in a leveraged way with systems, agents, the right team around you, and the right
275|thinking around it all. A founder-led brand has really never been more valuable, right? We talk about all the time how distribution is the new moat. You know, now you can see based on how things are going, right? You're going to
286|be able to replicate so many different things, but the one thing that can't be replicated, right, is your own taste, who you are. >> In this next bit, we go and deep dive into some of the core insights we think
296|people need to adopt, the mindset behind it, and how you should be thinking for the future. Let's start with like awareness. So, you know, we're both into, you know, we see this world where, you know, founders have an incredible
306|amount of agency, distribution is the new moat. It's been the moat for a while, but now it's become more important than ever. You have this like future where a single founder can create a billion-dollar company. And the big
316|thing is like, if you're a creator and you only have, you know, one person in your audience and I'm a creator and I have a million people in my audience, same tool, even if yours is better,
326|mine's inevitably probably going to be more successful just from sheer distribution. >> Yes, exactly. That quote that, you know, we all know is like, you know, first-time founders focus on tech, second-time founders focus on distribution. So, this area seems more
337|important than ever. How are you kind of looking at it? >> I think net-net, if we were to generalize, I 100% agree with you that distribution is the new differentiation. I I would that all the time now, cuz if
347|you think about it, where is AI eating from? So, if we were to draw, like But if we were to think about like little AI bot here. This is a work of art. Look at the taste here. Look at this taste. This
358|guy's just low-key just like this is like the future Reddit logo almost by going on here, you know? This is starting to get to my visualization, buddies. But if we think about where AI is starting right now,
368|where you think of Cursor, you think of Lovable, we're now compressing like anyone being able to code with Cloud Code or any of these tools. And so, where is AI today? It's this way. And so, and then we think about what are our
378|competitive advantages as human beings for lack of a better term. It's going to be this way. Yeah, like And so, we're going to have to meet in the middle at some point where I'm going to guess, at least for me as a persona, I'm more of a
389|the founder personal brand visionary storyteller persona. I'm likely going to be better off asking my my AI bot to think about automations in my business over time and partner with awesome smart people who can think about this stuff.
399|And so, my stack is going to go this way in terms of very clear automations. And then at the same time, I'm going to do this, but I'm going to be really, really insightful about If I want to scale actually over time, I'm going to put my
410|magic here, but then I need to just steal my magic into a workflow so that I can also AI-ify this as well and automation this as well. In this case, we would talk to AI agents and turn the workflow there, but before we would just
420|be telling our team and teaching a team how to scale. This is just significantly more efficient. Yeah. Right. And the ramp-up is is significantly faster. So. >> I love that thinking. And so, a lot of people watching this, you know, we've
430|both built some organic audiences on YouTube. And just to get more tactical maybe in this area before you move on, someone's, you know, growing on YouTube. They've put out, you know, 50 videos.
440|They've got around 1,000 subs. The world's changing. Like how do we maybe thinking that these folks in their world may change and some things that they should be paying attention to in the future? This is exactly why we launched
450|Stanley and he's having so much success. So, for everyone else's context, um Stanley is our new AI content agent. Basically, we're turning him into someone's head of content. And the way we think about it is we want to unleash
460|human potential. If you even if you think about awareness, a lot of this is basically marketing, right? Marketing awareness is marketing. Awareness is like good creative, coming up with cool creative concepts. But you and I have been doing this long enough that you
470|know there's also killer execution behind it of like, for example, having competitive insights of knowing like what is actually doing well in the market and then how can I repackage that? Mhm. Or it's like, oh, how do I
481|actually really analyze my analytics, my watch time retention to actually improve my videos over time so my product of content or awareness actually gets better over time as well? And so the way I would really think about this is a mental model for awareness for anyone
492|out there who's making content is what are my special sauces? What am I disproportionately good at? So that might be like ideation and scripting. Like you are just a killer at like visualizing the coolest video ever or
503|like you for sure can just like spit game. Yeah, what is my special sauce? Um, that's where I'd be over indexing towards spending my time and then I'd be thinking about how do I use an AI agent
513|like Stanley to do everything else. So like how do I have an agent like edit for me if like editing blows my brains out? Like there's like tons of AI tools out there that you can do whatever or you can build your own and so in that
524|process basically it's like, okay, what are all the things within awareness that I suck at or that should be automated or I should have like a logical brain applied to this and have um, your AI tools do that and then on the aware and
535|then you're pairing that with like your special unique human special sauces. Yeah. Okay, so awareness alone isn't going to cut it though, right? You need to actually go and own your audience, right? You need to own your distribution
545|and that happens in the inquiry stage. I actually think this is the most exciting part of the whole flow and here's why. We move on to now like inquiry, right? When it comes to how I see this is like
556|just basically we both agree that, you know, with founder led brands, the big thing is like you actually own your distribution, right? You don't need to rely on Zuck, you don't need to rely on Musk, you don't have that platform risk
566|that we all terrified of, you know, you never know that one day you just get rug pulled by a platform. The whole attractive part of actually owning your distribution is like having an email list and owning that data. How do we see
576|that kind of evolving I guess, by 2030 or, you know, we can maybe even just 2028 at this rate? Well, I think this is where things start to get really exciting and it goes back to this little guy here, which is um
587|right now, if you imagine the average stack for inquiry, it's, you know, you give out a lead magnet, what have you, maybe have someone join a you know, they go to your landing page, what have you, and then they maybe join your email list
598|or even for people who are doing, let's say, high-ticket sales, the inquiry is still like, you know, you reach out to someone, they get on the phone, all this kind of stuff. But, if you notice, it's all like very static. And the thing about this this little clanker here is
609|like this is Clanker, man. I like the name, too. This is a good name. I like it. But, in this specifically, imagine you have someone who's constantly obsessing
620|over your landing page, who's constantly obsessing over your email, right? Right now, like, you know, you think about, okay, right now we have to do the mental cognitive work. Our old mental model was we had to do the mental cognitive work
630|to figure out how to optimize this inquiry stack. How do you optimize your conversion from awareness into actually sale? But, now instead with these guys, like, for example, I could just be like I could just set up an agent and be like, this is my landing page. I want
641|you to constantly obsess over AB testing. You can just give them the agent the prompt, "You're in charge of maximizing this conversion rate." And then this guy is going to be so smart and he's going to test, "Okay, well, I see that you have a traffic of 1,000
652|people a day. I'm going to send 500 to this page. I'm going to send another 500 to this page." And then the next day he's going to take that learning, he's just going to keep iterating in some sort of way. And I think this is where agents get really, really exciting for people as they think about like the
662|ultimate like way to optimize their business. Like, holy [\h__\h] what if I had 1,000 people or 1,000 agents thinking about how do I optimize my business across the stack? Yeah. And I think the inquiry stage, as you were saying
672|before, is one of the exciting most exciting places to do that. I also see it, too, as it's like right at this stage here, like you've you've captured attention in like a really
682|saucy way, right? With like smart packaging and all that. Yeah, similar to what we're both saying. I think, yeah, again, this is where it gets super exciting to me because now you've actually captured some form of data,
693|but because now it's like on steroids. Like just the amount of richness that it can now kind of consume based on that data. Like now maybe it knows, "Okay, Matt Gray's
703|entered entered in his email here. Okay, well I've already captured his Instagram, his LinkedIn, his X, his YouTube. I've already provided this report. I've spun up this thing for him." And like my next interaction,
714|it's kind of already selling me. Yeah. And cuz it's just so mind-blowing. >> Totally. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's like a crazy amount of This is a new way. I I think you're very right to say
724|that this We'll get into these They're sure really exciting, too. But this is one of the places that is most ripe for innovation in a way that like it's going to be better than anything anyone's ever done before because you're just going to have Think about it like
734|agents autonomously creatively thinking about how do I upgrade this conversion flow. It's going to be a lot of a lot of chaos in that, too, but out of chaos comes a lot of creativity and therefore productivity.
744|>> Yeah, I think this is the opportunity for like like we're both saying, like the biggest wow moment I think will exist here because this is also in like the most boring [\h__\h] like a thank you page. Like the what people expect and
754|then um you know, what's cap- what you're capable of now is just that dis- you know, that that whatever, that divide or that gap is just so wide. From thank you pages to insanely optimized,
766|you know, landing pages already being built for you after you just put in an email is pretty nutty. Yeah. So now you've gone through inquiry and now it's time to make the sale. One thing I'm hearing a lot at this stage is, "Will sales people
776|even exist in 2030?" You know, it's a good question. And I certainly think that bad sales people will become extinct. Great sales people, I think, will move beyond just being sales folks
786|to really thinking of themselves like entrepreneurs. Everyone needs to think of themselves as running a business unit. The world is changing and it's that entrepreneurial hunger, grit, and
796|ingenuity that's going to help anyone compete in 2030 and make sure that they're really capitalizing on this opportunity that is under our fingertips today. Cool. So let's move to sales now.
807|Are sales people going to exist in 2030? You know, I've been thinking about this a lot and I was talking to a buddy this past week as we were both playing with our open claw bots and we were like, "Dude, we're so cooked as a society." And then I was like, "So,
818|are we humans just going to exist to vibe?" Like I think at least for the next few years, if you're selling something high ticket or there's a human decision maker with a large budget, I think some version of like us as humans vibing is
829|still going to be very valuable. That like now that model completely goes away one day when like we've all lost agency as human beings and AI take over decisions as decision makers in the buyers, but I do believe that there's still something to be said of how how
840|one feels about you, what they think of you, their perspective on you, whether they trust you. I think that's very inherently important. Like that's one of our core values here at Standish, like make sure that we're showing up in that way, but I do believe that sales will
851|exist in some format, but I think it's constantly what AI's doing is like if you think about all the rote activities under sales, so it's like prospecting, even sending cold emails to some degree,
861|we're just basically automating everything under the stack like before technology and the internet automated like writing email like writing letters to people or doing phone calls into emails and have you, it's condensing that stack. So basically what AI's going
872|to do in the automation is going to do is going to allow you to further move up like the human actualization curve of like, "Okay, what am I what am I what are the most human parts about me?" Which is like how do I express myself, how do I connect with people and I think
882|that's still very inherently valuable. Yeah, one thing I've been thinking about like on the subject of vibe is something a little bit different. It's like there's always these you know, pendulums in terms of like how
893|the world's thinking about like a given company. Like years ago, you know, I think it was like 5 years ago, there was kind of a moment in society where it was like, you know, kind of even now, right? Like screw all these billionaires,
903|right? Like what the hell are all these billionaires doing and there's a bit of that there's a bit of an anti-entrepreneur sentiment in society, let's just say, right? So the pendulum, let's just say has gone a little bit anti-entrepreneur,
915|let's say in one world, right? I feel like this is kind of bringing it back where the pendulum's got to come back to a centered place where we're all entrepreneurs. >> Yes. And what does that mean? Well, in a
927|sales department, let's just talk about that cuz we're on it. It's like we are all founders and we all are running business units. And so you're just an entrepreneur running your prospects and
938|your business within this. And the ones that will still exist in 2030 will view it like that. Like, oh yeah, I've got my, you know, I got my thousand folks. I got to run it this way. I yeah, I got to automate these road activities. I got to
949|come up with new ways. I'm going to keep on speaking this thing and automating more and you got to run it like a business. I think the ones that will not survive and will be gone well before 2030 are the ones that are kind of just
959|like, "It's another day. Where are my leads, you know? What's going on over here? Things look a little dry. Like what what's going on here John? Like what what's happening? Where are all the leads?" And it's like, yeah,
969|that's not going to fly anymore. At least as a general mindset, you know. 100% it goes back to what we said before like high agency people are going to win, right? It's I think about this all the time with the best hires. You're the
980|best hires, it's a can versus can't do attitude. Right. Do you use the fact that you don't have leads as an excuse that you're not performing or are you so [\h__\h] hungry that you want to make it? That you're like, "Fuck it. I'm then I'm going to [\h__\h] put things in my own
991|hands. I'm going to build a bunch of AI agents or I'm personally going to go out there and source on LinkedIn if I have to." Right? So that same attitude is what's going to lead to someone's success. And you just now have a superpower rocket fuel tool to do so.
1002|Yeah, exactly. Yeah, no, I think yeah, hungry sales people will always win, right? So sales is your promise, okay? But delivery is the proof. 90% of founders that I speak with, this is the stage that is the hardest part for them.
1014|If you sell someone, but they're not happy with your product, well, you're in for a storm of bad reviews. But you nail this piece like we have at FounderUs and you end up with 100 plus Trustpilot reviews on your pages there. And so how
1025|do you go and make sure people are delighted? Well, first thing I think you got to think about the people that are actually doing the work in your company. Typically, the customer success folks that you've hired. And so I think there's a beautiful future here where
1036|every single customer success person on your team is armed with a few core agents that can help make things like onboarding, delivery, about all the done for you assets you want to produce or
1046|people all easily done working 24/7 executing things at an insanely high degree. And so, how do you go and capitalize on this? I think you need to take a step back because there's a few
1056|key frameworks that we uncover here that I think will be extremely useful to you. One thing I think we've kind of been pointing out here a little bit is just this idea that things are just getting smarter. Yes. Right? So, how do you kind
1067|of see that going on your side? I think this is a really great example of how AI is going to make delivery so much more awesome. I think we're all I think we're about to hit the era of incredible consumer experiences. What I mean by
1077|that is if you are no longer stressed about like up times and like coding and building the actual thing, that allows us as entrepreneurs or who are delivering who are thinking about a
1087|product or service to really be creative. Right? Because if you have an AI agent already automating and thinking about how do I improve this product at a baseline, that then frees up your net zero sum time and energy and mental
1097|focus to be like, "Okay, what is the like I already have a solid funnel here of like how do I make sure that someone's successful in their first like 30 days on my product? How do I [\h__\h] push the needle and make this awesome?"
1107|And like this is what the human creativity allows you like it is now enabled to do because the stack below it is now completely run by agents who are doing the coding, who are doing the basic product management, who are doing
1117|the project manager, tracking the Jira tickets, what have you. And then this is all just like how do I as a human being show up for other human beings in a way that they really [\h__\h] with. >> For a lot of founders, I think this is the area that causes the most headaches.
1128|Yes. Right? It's easy to market yourself, right? It's easy to sell some [\h__\h] then delivering it is just, you know, that shit's hard sometimes, right? Like and, you know, customers have, you
1138|know, changing tastes and preferences and you said one thing but then they want a different thing. So, how do we see, you know, on the positive side here like I'm a customer success person like
1148|how's my life going to get just [\h__\h] way more amazing in this new era? It's well it's going to get I think way more amazing because it's you're going to really succeed in terms of the repeatability of quality execution.
1159|So, when you think about delivering a phenomenal product at scale, when I mean that like think about it's easy for a founder to you know, personally serve one or two
1169|people. Where it really breaks down is when you start to have a million people who are different. Right? And like Santa's starting to hit the scale where it's like holy [\h__\h] You wouldn't even guess all the nuances of like all the
1179|17,000 different like edge cases that things go wrong. And you don't have enough people with enough like resources and energy to focus and fix all these things. Also because fixing something
1189|for one person actually leads to it breaking for someone else or like not being optimal for the other person. And so what AI allows you to do is to like customize at the edges. And so it really allows a single person as an example,
1199|like a single person founder to build something that can serve millions of people in a way that ends up being customized for that person. Yeah. And that is something that we could just could not have done before. Yeah. I also think like it's so customized.
1211|I think the mental model that's going to be most helpful for people here is so much of our lives we've always had to be doers. And the people who will succeed in this new paradigm will be directors. So, really upgrading your
1223|thought process from I'm a director from I'm a doer into I'm a director and decision maker. The more you can do that with this, that's how you're going to get more scale. Right? Because you're no longer spending all of your time like
1234|all your because like people don't recognize that success at the highest levels I've learned one of the key pieces is how you focus your time and energy. Because focused time and energy is zero sum. It's like one of the it's our most limited commodity. And so in
1244|that, if you're spending all of your time just like being like you know, a little investment banking intern like I was back in the day just like cranking, you're obviously going to do great work there, but is it the highest value work? No, it's not. Instead, you're going to
1255|have an AI agent do that stuff and send your client follow-ups. And then that allows you to like really make the right decision and really see the high-level pattern that you wouldn't see if you were like stuck in the box. Maybe let's kind of
1265|land the plane here a bit. Um so, in the interest of landing it, I think what people are probably wondering is like, "Okay, cool. So, I understand a little bit of the map of a general kind of customer journey in a given business,
1277|and I see how these different areas, the kind of four pieces of most businesses, are going to change dramatically." And then the kind of mindset um that's going to help separate you, whether it's like really seeing distribution as a moat all the way to seeing yourself as a director
1288|over a doer. And so, when we think about kind of building this kind of like agentic future as a founder, what do we think are some things that you know, they can take action on like right now?
1298|So, this is the one you've been waiting for, right? Automations. With so many things about to get automated, it's pretty hard to think about what a founder is even going to do in 2030. And so, first things first, when we rewind to today, right? How do we go and even
1309|think about the role of a founder? And how do you even take action in all this today? It's one thing to see the future, and I know half of you are probably seeing the opportunity of it, and half of you are freaking terrified. Or maybe
1320|you're a mix of the both. But either way, there's one thing that we can control, what we do right here, right now. And so, I don't want to leave you here without giving you the seven core steps that I think you should take right
1332|now. I think one thing, just to kind of kick us off, is I think that everyone, similar to what we've done awareness, inquiry, sale, delivery, just in terms of the future, I think that everyone should map this for their business. And start thinking like you had brought up
1343|on the road activities in all these four quadrants. Yes. So, let's maybe I don't know, we can start there, and you rip the next part. >> Yeah. Um so, road activities
1356|per pillar, let's call it. Go for it. So, this I think is exactly the baseline foundation. So, in order to free yourself up to do net innovative things, one must first have to have to
1367|get out of the shitty stuff that you don't like. In the same way that like when a founder first starts, they're answering all their emails, at some point they get an EA who loves doing that cuz the founder doesn't love doing that. And so, the 100% the first thing
1377|to do, very tactically, is to map out your whole business like a supply chain, like a little workflow diagram, and be like, "Oh, I [\h__\h] hate that. That That That's not very good. I I do like doing that, but I'm it's not very good
1387|at this." And so, those are all the things that we should be thinking about, "Okay, how do I deploy automations that are better than me, right?" Or how do I at least hire someone who's awesome to do those things with AI agents? From
1397|there, then you get to evolve to two, supercharge yourself. What I mean by that is once you automate all the [\h__\h] that you don't like, and you have something in place in your system that's
1407|better than you, then this is where AI gets really really crazy. Because you and I now, because we know how to build and make great content, and this is one of our superpowers, now like, "Okay, how do I deploy AI agents underneath me to
1418|be really [\h__\h] sick?" I see you know, from here it's like, you know, when they tell you like if a plane crashes, like put on your safety mask and then go put on the others. I feel like step three is now, "Okay, you've used the tech, you've
1429|deployed it as yourself, you've worked on this map hopefully with your team as an established founder, and now it's time for you to supercharge your team." Yes. And so, when you think about a team, right, and supercharging it in
1439|this new age, like culturally, just how do you like get them on board this [\h__\h] This is so This is actually what I'm thinking about constantly right now. I've been telling it internally as AI fluency. I've basically just been like,
1450|you have to culturally make sure that your whole organization is thinking about AI. And the way I position it to the team is like, "Guys, obviously this is super important for our business. Everyone gets the rational piece of this, but what's like personally really
1461|important to me is that you learn these skills so you don't get left behind." And so, we're already planning our first AI build day, like a little AI hackathon week. I'm hearing this from like the best guys, like >> Yeah, everyone's like doing these like
1471|hackathons or something. >> to upgrade You got to upgrade your team. You got to help them scale, right? Because it like I I feel I like you write this as a thing, cuz like maybe out of this, get your team together, it's a hackathon time. It is You have to
1482|Your job as the founder, the entrepreneur, is to How I view it is like, you're all on this path together. And like, if you're on this path, oh my god, this is such a bad bad animation. But you're walking this path, you're the
1492|trailblazer up here. And in this context, AI agents are the trailblazing that you have to do. Your team is so busy doing this [\h__\h] like you owe it to them to help them get up here and see the next ledge. And so very
1503|tactically what that means is you got to learn how to do this stuff. You got to hack away in my opinion on cloud code, co-work, what have you or like build your own open cloud bot so you understand. You start to see the use cases and then yes, you translate that
1513|to your team. You're like, "Guys, spend 2 hours with me like doing this." And you'll have a couple other people on your team who are already excited about this. Like very tactically we have a channel called #AIBuilders that my teammates started. I didn't start it.
1523|And they just post their super cool products. Like someone will be like, "Hey guys, I actually completely built this dashboard to monitor this thing with AI." And that culturally you'll see all of your top employees start to inspire the other folks. And then you
1534|get everyone in a room and you fundamentally over a week upgrade how they think about the world. Yeah. Once you get them all hackathoning where like, "Holy [\h__\h] this blew my mind. I have so much more agency to do cool things." Yeah, the next part of this
1544|that I think it's like a little bit of a curveball, but you know, in this idea that like everyone these days is an entrepreneur, right? >> Yes. And so, you know, as entrepreneurs, right? Like what is one of the things
1554|that like have agency, right? But we're also heavily incentivized. Yes. Right? And you think about Charlie Munger, he's like, you know, "Humans are incentive machines." Right? So I think like you have this hackathon and maybe like a few
1565|great things come out of it, right? Maybe, you know, it's like Google's like Fridays where they had their own free time and you see something bubbling up and it's like the Gmail of your company. Right? It's like, "Okay, cool. How do you go and incentivize these people now
1575|off of these like little innovations they're building within your business?" Because the reality is too, everyone's an entrepreneur right now and it is the day and age where anyone can go and build a one person billion dollar
1585|business hypothetically, right? So how do we make sure that as these new things are being spawned inside of our companies that people are like, "I'm [\h__\h] stoked as hell, right?" It's like, "Wow, the upside potential here is
1596|amazing." I mean, this is where you get into like boring management topics at times. I think it's important though, you know? >> It's very very important which is it's all about org structure and compensation.
1606|Let's say someone comes up with an idea for the next Gmail. Org structure wise if you still have them working on the old project, you have to make the decision, do I empower this person? Do I see enough potential in this thing that I'm actually going to free up their time
1616|to do this thing and give them the autonomy and direction to do that? You have to make that decision for your business based off the context. And then, like anything else in life, exactly you said the Charlie Munger quote, show me the incentive, I'll show you the outcome. If you're hiring great
1627|people, they're going to be hungry enough to do this themselves, no matter what. My personal philosophy behind that is also they should take a ton ton of that upside, whether it's equity or or cash-based compensation. Like yeah, you got to give them the upside and the
1637|incentive. Yeah, and then I think I just all along the way, like you had brought up, right? It's like just cultivating that director mindset. Yeah. Right? Um I love that vibe of like, yeah, be a director over a doer. And whether it's
1648|the director of your little fleet of uh clunkers uh clankers, sorry. This is uh this is pretty crazy future, damn. Yeah. Yeah, it's a lot to take in. It is
1659|simultaneously the scariest time, I think, ever in human society in many ways cuz of the sheer complexity of the world and all of the changing chaos, but also to that the most exciting time. Yeah. Right? Well, I'm excited.
1669|Appreciate your time here chopping it up and uh I mean, let's get to work. Dude, heck yeah. >> Here we go. Thank you. Thanks, sir. Boom. And uh like and subscribe to Matt. He's going to teach you how to build a
1679|great personal brand. Yeah. All right, so that's the full stack. Awareness, inquiry, sale, delivery, and automations. You know, you got to really understand what's the parts that you have the best taste and judgment in, the
1690|areas that are your biggest strengths, and then the areas that you're excited by. I then recommend that you go through those seven steps so you can make sure that you're taking advantage of this moment cuz truthfully, I don't think there's ever been a more exciting time
1701|in my 18 years building companies. I want to go and make sure that on this channel, we're giving you kind of the breaking new ways to go and make sense of this because I think the game is being rewritten as we speak. And so, be
1712|sure to go and like and subscribe. You can go and check out this next video in terms of how I go and organize my whole business to take advantage of this movement we're seeing, and I can't wait
1722|to see what you create. Let's win together.
