3|Two massive [\h__\h] light bulb moments. Massive just happened while you were talking. This is the hard work that I've been avoiding. I got a message from my buddy Blake yesterday. 28-year-old entrepreneur from
14|Newport Beach running a $40 million empire. But the thing is this, there are some major choke points in his business that are holding him back from getting to the next level and just having time to enjoy his life. What we're really
25|trying to build here is trying to live a really [\h__\h] good life. I couldn't enjoy Hawaii. The whole time I was there, I was sitting there. I'm like, "Motherfucker, this is too much." Do not say that [\h__\h] anymore. Everyone who's young sucks at this [\h__\h] Burnout is a
37|[\h__\h] When you find yourself constantly running on fumes, something is wrong. You don't seem patient, right, dude? Just like slow down a bit, right? Like slow is smooth, smooth is fast. You need
48|to like systemize this. Sure. And then it's like, "Yeah, then go get that [\h__\h] big 100 mil thing." I think that's 100% right. I told him to come sit down here in Williamsburg. We're going to go chop it up, help him on a
59|whiteboard, understand his overall business, his objectives, and then help him get his business to the next level, and get his time back so we can just enjoy the journey. Let's get into it.
69|Basically getting into Yeah. both business and we can start with like the three kind of pieces of the portfolio. Sure. I think we can start with uh let's call it just Mr. 4 to8. So like my personal brand has been attached to uh
81|air the Airbnb coaching business for a really long time. At its peak, the Airbnb business was doing like 1.7 million net per month and then at its trough about quarter million per month.
92|Right now, it does about 300,000 a month. I'm trying to make a decision between do I try and steady state an education business of Mr. 4 to8 and try and steady state some of the content stuff which would maybe and and have it
103|maybe even increase to like 400 or 500,000 a month like profit while also trying to make a decision between is Mr. 48 the big thing still? Can I continue
113|to go bigger and bigger with content? Is there a lot more profit to be made there? And if I were to either introduce a new offer that is the a new B&B offer or a new complete separate offer, could
125|it get to a million a month? Could it get to 1.5 million a month? And is that the better decision to put my time between? Right. So, it's and on the revenue side, you're looking to get that to ideally if it's steady state, I'd
135|like to get it to 500,000 a month. If I was working on it full-time, I'd like to get it to a million a month profit. Right now, I'm feeling out of alignment. Not necessarily because 100% I just
147|don't believe that Airbnb arbitrage as a business model works. When I started, it was Blake, the guy that's starting with Airbnb, documenting the journey of how we got here. Now, I've got one of the
158|biggest Airbnb portfolios in the United States as a single owner. at the at the same time if Airbnb is out and they're just like people are not really feeling
168|it then I die with the personal brand dies with the business model making a decision on the offer side of things do you pivot out of Airbnb is the pivot soft more to a higher ticket high area
179|of expertise I was curious to understand kind of a couple things which are like maybe like the criteria you know my criteria when I'm going and building
189|anything I think we may have talked about this on the call the other day is like I need to be able to get to $5 million of revenue a year within 2 years. Um I need to be able to work from anywhere doing it. I need to love the problem. I need to love the customer.
200|There needs to be like founder product fit. Like it needs to be something that like feels right that I'm doing. Um I need to be in integrity with it. And it needs to feel like uh something I I feel
210|really good about that I'm thrilled to, you know, sell. I need to be able to see myself doing it ideally for like the next decade, not just like the next year. Um I need to be able to build the thing in 3 months or less. What are some
221|criteria that you have? My criteria is as of now, like I have to feel like I have an edge. Like the edge is something that puts a somewhat of a clock on me where it's like maybe I don't have this
231|edge longer than everybody else, but for this moment of time, I can push it farther or harder than somebody else. So, one of the most important things of Blake, right, is this idea of time. But before we go and figure out, well, what
242|do we need to be removing Blake from? We first need to understand what does his dream week look like? If he was able to just get rid of all obligations he has right now, right? And imagine he was even retired and able to work on
252|anything he wanted. Pick his ideal morning, his afternoon, his evening. What would it look like? You know, what are the things that he wants added to his schedule? And what are the things that are really draining his energy that
262|we need to remove from this next system I'm about to show him, he's going to get that clarity necessary so we can figure out what we need to be going and supporting Blake with so he can have that dream week every week, your dream
273|week. Like say it's 6 months from now, right? You have a systems in place, you have a lean team in place, you have a new offer. Like, how do you want your week to look like? I think that the A.M. for me is the most important time of the
284|day. And if maybe 5 to 6 days a week, if I had a four minimum 4hour creative time block where it was solely dedicated to
294|creative tasks, you know, writing content, creating content. That's where I find my most pleasure. Afternoon would be a great time to be able to spend a
304|couple hours eating good food, hiking, gym. PM I don't have much good work that happens in the PM. So for me, PM would be, you know, a couple times a week. I
314|would say two times a week being able to play soccer or do uh tennis, sunsets, go to bed. Yeah. Like uh time like a 2 to three hour wind down. Cool. What What
325|are the areas now that are currently kind of like the blockers? I think that because I have so many energy draining tasks that I have to do and and and also like actually quite a bit of front-loaded work that has to be done
336|soon in order to get to that point, right? So, as of now, there's just like I'm out of alignment with the content. I'm out of alignment with the offer. I have this goal of building this other
346|new business right now while letting this other one not die and maybe even grow at the same time. I'm not a good manager. I can I can tell you what the dream and vision is, but I can't get you
356|bought in long term because what I do is I'll hire you, tell you something once and then I just end up thinking, "Oh, you did it wrong the first time. Let me just do it myself. You're fired." To add to this whole like big picture of
366|criteria and things like that, whether it's for hiring and for me, is like I do the best when I'm [\h__\h] curious. I need I need to be curious and so do the people that I hire because if they're
376|not curious and it's just a paycheck then I'm not maybe it's not I'm not good enough but I haven't done enough managing people yet to be able to get them to be so bought in that they push the needle. Sounds like the big domino
388|kind of like the main thing that if you got that right would make everything else kind of easier or unnecessary would be first off I mean figuring out this offer cuz right now it sounds like you're kind of in this like a bit of a
398|standstill or like a holding pattern and then also like a creative side too. You're like, I'm doing this thing. What the [\h__\h] am I doing? What am I creating for this and what am I leading them to? Where's this going? And then it's leading to just like, yeah, where just
409|big questions, right? Transitions in life can be terrifying. You're on one opportunity and you know that there's something bigger there that you could go and be ripping and getting on to, but
419|it's scary, you know, and one of the big references that I have for this is this idea of being Tarzan in a jungle. But in this next clip, you're going to see me going and helping Blake understand how
429|he can go and effectively remove himself from the operations of his current opportunity over the next few months and then set himself up to go crush it on this big hairy audacious goal he has
439|over the next 10 years of his life. So there is this overarching the angle and the concept to me is you I'm riding the train down. I'm seeing the success rate
450|of everybody across the space not Airbnb but arbitrage continue to go down. So, I don't I don't love that cuz I can sell [\h__\h] on a wall, but like it's still [\h__\h] I I don't I don't want my personal
461|brand to die. I want it to be something that's on the up and up. And I really want it to um on the new side of things for it to embody the next chapter of my life. You
474|have um all of these different um business models, right? So, let's just say, you know, you have the Airbnb evolution, you have the a new info product for these people, you have
484|purchasing Airbnbs for folks, you have a more service-based offering, let's say. All of your criteria here basically like I put it like in a Google sheet. And then I would just go and rank each of these things like on a scale of like 1
495|to 10 of how does each of those opportunities you're thinking achieve the the given criteria? Is it scalable? Right? You're like, okay, it's a 10
505|scalable product market fit, right? The next one is like, okay, info. Is that scalable? Yeah, that's a 10. Okay, purchasing. Is that scalable? N maybe not as much. Let's say it's seven. Doesn't make a deal breaker yet. And
515|kind of keep going down the list and going to the next opportunity. Let's say it's the uh service-based one. It's like, okay, how's that on scalable? Decent. Let's say it's an eight. How's that on the existing audience? Oh, yeah.
525|It's solid. Are you in alignment with it? Yeah, you like it. And so now you're kind of basically formulating for those opportunities like almost like an alignment score. Sure. I think that
537|what's like killing me, the underlying like gut punch and the two thoughts that just continue to run through my mind on creating a new offer is I feel like in my head the squared version that we were
548|talking about the new offer is the business that I want to build the publishing one that I like feel like I it's so private can't talk about it like that's the big thing. It would never be
558|front-facing. Some of it is like keeping just money coming in from the Mr. 48 side. And then the other thing is like, but is like is there a shitload of money there that I'm passing up or is the big
568|money over here? Go get this on a regular offer, done for you, steady state, pretty hands-free, content still good. Yeah. Blake's kind of doing this thing and behind the scenes it's like, holy [\h__\h] Like you guys have no clue
579|what I'm building. Yeah. I see it I see it as two separate things. So, okay. I see it as like I have this like ridiculous analogy of like when we're kind of like transitioning from like one opportunity to the other. It's like [\h__\h] like Tarzan swinging on a in
590|like the jungle is kind of how it feels like. And you're like on one vine, you like capture the other one, you know? You swing back with both of them, then you like let this one go and then like swing on to the new one. And so you're
601|in this stage right now where you kind of have latched onto this one a bit, but you're now swinging back. You need to like systemize this. Sure. Right. Which is like what we're talking about right
611|now. And then it's like, yeah, then go get that [\h__\h] big 100 mil thing. But from my understanding of talking with you, it's like we want to first like this thing, get it steady state, all that. And that doesn't mean we're saying
621|no to this. It's actually I view it as all it's all one part of the journey. Like you actually are building that right now. But building that right now is like taking the cash flows from this, setting this thing up. It's pumping you cash that allows you to even maybe
632|invest bigger in this. Y, right? Cuz you're like, "Oh [\h__\h] we're just like to shut this down. I'm saying no to like potentially 400k profit a month that I could be investing a quarter of that, even 100 grand into this new thing to
642|then blast it off way faster." So setting this up is like almost a seed round. It is for or a series A for that thing. So not they are two separate things. You're going to do them both,
652|but there's a sequence of events that can happen that gets you the most amount of leverage to do. That's a really good way to look at it. I think that's 100% right. I I think that I think it's
662|because I can't [\h__\h] do everything that it's easier for me to hit refresh. So my team here at Founder is around 20 people strong now. But the truth is it
672|didn't start like that. You know, it first started with just me, chief everything officer, trying to do everything myself. And when I first started scaling the business, I started hiring for where the pain was. So, if
682|there was pain and I didn't want to send an invoice, I'd hire a finance manager. If there was pain and I didn't want to write the landing page copy for something, I'd hire a copywriter. And gradually, I started to form this
693|organization over the past few years. And so, where Blake's at right now is that there's no one on his company that's able to go and help him get his time back. And so first things first, we
703|need to model out what does his org chart look like. We need to be more intentional about the hires that we need to support Blake and then help him get back his time day by day. What's the team necessary to like make this vision
715|happen? I think like for me there's been this shift over the years of again viewing myself more like an asset manager and like a smart investor and less of an entrepreneur. And so trying
725|to look at it like, okay, like the people that I surround myself with and that I bring on my team are an investment, right? Right. The systems that I put in place are like an investment, right? They get stood up,
736|they get put in place, and then like they're good and they just cook and most of them produce a lot of cash. Cuz here's what you're dealing with right now, right? Which is why I think it's good to bring these people on like ASAP.
746|Is like, do you think it's the first time you're going to evolve an offer? Hell no. No. Do you think it's the first time you're going to build a webinar for Shelby or the next? Hell no. Do you think it's the first time that you're going to go and like listen to the
757|community, survey them, look at the data of the survey, go and understand, oh, what's the [\h__\h] that would really pump it up and make these people more sto? Cool. We're going to prioritize based on, you know, least effort, most impact,
767|um, and stuff that we can build in 3 months or less. No, this whole process you're about to undergo is probably what almost all the offers that you're ever going to do because you're going to be this info guy. You're going to have to do this [\h__\h] every 4 months. But it'd be
778|nice if next time it's like snap the finger, you know, implement offer evolution. Cool. weapons go, they're like, "Oh, offer evolution. Follow the SOP." You know the deal. We go to the community. We survey them. Then we
788|understand what their biggest problems are. We rank them from most pain, most uh least imp uh most impact for them, least effort for us, most dollar value. Then we go, we bring back Blake our
798|report. Blake goes on a [\h__\h] rant on FaceTime, tells us what the [\h__\h] is up. He says like, like, like, dislike. Then we go, we just motor around. We go implement that [\h__\h] We go and we implement that. Blake always expects
808|that we evolve an offer within 3 months. Cool. Done. Next. Right. And it's like a little [\h__\h] attack squad that does this stuff. I wouldn't necessarily say this exact thing if I didn't believe the
819|fact that you will be this like info product mogul in like over the next 5 years. And so if you've like kind of picked a space and every single thing
829|you're about to do is still is like in that space then start to build and operationalize like all of these things that are parts of the space. workshops,
840|webinars, newsletters, social content, copywriting, hiring, firing, all this [\h__\h] is like you're going to just keep doing this for the next 5 10 years of your life. So, the sooner that you aren't the only person in your company
850|that can do all this [\h__\h] the better. Two massive [\h__\h] light bulb moments, massive just happened while you were talking. Never [\h__\h] made never made
860|sense to me. Like, I always looked at SOPs, people that use notion, I'm like, "You're such a [\h__\h] idiot. Like, you're using notion all day. Like, you're not getting anything done. and you're just doing nothing or SOPs. Yeah,
870|I'm going to go record this to go find some Filipino contractor that has no [\h__\h] clue what they're actually doing. Go pay us $700 a month. They have to go send in this video. But actually, it takes a little bit of taste to know
880|that you got to change this, that, and the other. Like, you know, that was how I looked at SOPs, hiring, firing, managing. And and I think that too like one of the things that becomes like like
891|a little bit less of a ego blow is like the amount of times that I've told people I'm just I'm not good at hiring firing. I was thinking that do not say that [\h__\h] anymore. I saw when you were saying that I was like talk. Yeah.
902|Exactly. And that's a [\h__\h] identity. Like everyone who's young sucks at this [\h__\h] right? Like that's not that young anymore. I'm like almost [\h__\h] 30. Now you're young. But like every everyone sucks at that for a bit. Like this is
912|totally obviously you only learn that [\h__\h] from experience. I still learn all the time. I make a bad hire I'd say every four or five months probably just from the sheer amount that like you're working with people, you're trying things out, you're growing the business,
922|the person that was good for one stage isn't good for the next stage. It's totally natural, you know, like you're definitely capable of doing this and you're probably also going to make a bunch of mistakes like we all do, but that's actually like that is the process
932|of hiring. So operations, you know, big word, everybody needs help with it. Almost every founder wants to be removed from it, but hardly anyone has an idea
942|of who to actually bring on. You know, building businesses initially, you hear about these people going and hiring someone overseas as an executive assistant. And trust me, I have tried that. The truth is though, when you're
952|scaling an empire beyond $10 million, you need a lot more help than an executive assistant. And in this case, I wanted to give Blake the details on a couple core hires that I think he needs
963|to make that are exclusively focused on buying back at least 20 hours of his time back every single week so he can build a business he loves and not just
973|be running himself into the ground, right? And so when you look at your team, I mean just to talk about the major parts of it like because there's a couple core aspects that have come up. Obviously isn't the whole team, but I
984|think just to talk about kind of two departments at least for a sec. You have sort of ops and then you have uh content, let's say. I would consider
996|hiring like and bring on even two people in this area. The reason being is that at least if one person sucks, you have one person. So you don't end up like training up and doing this whole
1006|process. You have one person, then they leave and you're like, "God damn it, I'm back to square one again." The two people I like back a napkin is like high level. Like it sounds like you may need like a chief of staff type person. And
1016|then I think you just need like literally a role just called operations. It's just like someone that is low ego that's a [\h__\h] beast and it's just like dude I [\h__\h] love your [\h__\h] Kind of like that Russian video editor.
1026|Literally that. You just need that in operations. the, you know, purchasing part, the alliances, the service based stuff, depending on what you end up choosing. It's not just you that ends up knowing how to do that. These people
1036|know how to do that. So good as an asset manager again, right? It's everything's an investment, right? So let's just say these two people, they cost 20K a month, 240k a year. But if they go and spin up
1049|this offer and help you with a future offer, let's just say back and napkin, if I was putting a number on that, the right people would probably easily make me like 2 mil a year. Sure. So your ROI
1059|on that is 10x. So it's like it's a no-brainer investment. I've always looked at ops and like the chief of staff, the operations, like things like that as stuff that you have to go find
1070|somebody in the in a adjacent offer or space and go tell them hand it off and be like go do this thing. So I just thought it was impossible. One thing I
1081|think that you're you've gotten caught up in is again it comes back to like the mindset piece. as like annoying and as cliche as it is, it's like, yeah, you know, it's the offer. People say it's the team and all that, but it's like not
1091|clicking. And I think that's what happens potentially when you're like, "Yeah, but I don't know how to hire. I'm not good at this." Or like, "Yeah, like you end up just creating these block, you know, blockages and like a lack of
1101|openness to understanding." And even if you don't understand, just like asking questions. How would that work? How could we do this? Who would you hire? How would you find those people? this, you'll be good at it because the best
1112|part of this for guys like us is hiring is a funnel. Hiring is a funnel. It is. You get a bunch of [\h__\h] leads. You put an application out there. You sort
1122|through applications to see which ones look legit. You have them send you a 5-minute Loom video as part of the interview. Like before you even talk to them, you just like watch some Loom videos of people that you think are legit. A few people really stand out.
1133|You get on a call with them. You go through your like interview questions and all that. You then have them complete a challenge that's like a challenge that you would actually like you should give people a challenge of like remake this offer. Like do it in a
1143|way that hits these criteria I have and see what people come to you and you're like holy [\h__\h] that's good. When you're thinking about getting your time back, it can become a little bit foggy, right?
1153|Time can have a way of just being stolen from us daily. The time audit system that I've created allows you to go really understand all of the tasks that you have going by looking at your notes
1163|as well as your calendar and getting way more intentional about each and every task that you could automate, eliminate or delegate. And so I wanted to go and share this with Blake because I think that the devil's in the details and when
1174|we go and look at every single task that he's doing himself, it starts to become obvious the kind of things that we need to remove from his plate and then go and delegate to people like a chief of staff and an operations person on his team.
1185|One thing that can be useful for you as you're just even thinking about this on just a very simplistic basis is like you may have heard this before. It's like a time audit system. This can feel really
1195|annoying but the but if you understand what you're doing then it's like insanely rewarding. Okay. So, what I would do is you're going to have like a Google sheet and I can give you a
1205|template. And what you're going to do is you're going to have the first column. You're going to just put down probably even on a weekly basis, audit your calendar and your task list. What is
1216|everything you did that week? Like different meetings you've had, different tasks you've given people, different tasks that you've done, everything. You're trying to mostly pay attention to the stuff that you're doing. Right. Right. So, like you made this workshop
1227|deck for Shelby, you made this email thing, you then made a piece of content, then you made a carousel for Instagram, but then you made a story. Keep listing all the things you're doing. And that's the first step is just list like all of
1238|the tasks you're working on and the time commitment as well. You could do that too, but mostly the tasks like just keep it simple just so that you don't like get lost in like so much stuff to do. So, you have the task. Um then
1250|you have um your energy level and you don't need to do this every time but like audit the task at you know on Friday I'll look at my calendar look at my task list of all the things I got
1260|done and I add all the tasks here then look at the and mark down the energy level right did it give you energy was it neutral right drain and did it
1272|drain your energy and you just have a drop down there and the template I'll give you has this and you're just marking that down. Y you don't need to think too much about this. You just put the [\h__\h] task down, put the energy levels down. That's like step one. Then
1285|what you're going to have is in the sheet, you'll see this. You'll have these like three roles, rows or sorry, columns. You have like can you automate this? Can you eliminate it? Or could you
1296|delegate it? Right? So starting to kind of then go and look at every single task you put down and maybe after you've done this for say a month or two weeks even, doesn't matter. You're then going to
1306|indicate, okay, could you automate this? Okay, yeah, I could automate this one. Can I eliminate this? Elimination is the best cuz there's probably a bunch of you're doing that you're like, why am I even doing this [\h__\h] It's like just
1316|eliminate all that stuff. You're going to look at automating and then that's like an interesting list and then your delegation list. From there, you have these like ops roles you're looking for,
1326|right? These ones. You're going to have a bunch of tasks on this list that you're going to mark like delegate, delegate, delegate, delegate, delegate. like I shouldn't be doing this [\h__\h] right? That's all the stuff that should
1336|become part of the job descriptions for these roles. Um, and so now you've marked down like all these things, anything from big tasks to small [\h__\h] And then you've put like,
1347|okay, um, this is going to be, you know, chief of staff is going to do that, ops is going to do this, ops is going to do this, chief of staff is going to do this role or this task. You're slowly from
1359|auditing all of your time. What are you spending it all on? You're seeing all the [\h__\h] that's draining your energy. You're seeing the stuff that you're like, "Okay, I should definitely be delegating this." And just delegating all the [\h__\h] that's either like neutral
1371|drains your energy and the stuff that you need to delegate. And from that exercise, it doesn't become this like, well, I'm bringing a chief of staff and they're going to
1381|manage my calendar and they're going to manage projects and make SOPs. No, no, no. Just get them working on the [\h__\h] that you hate that you need to delegate. What's starting to become abundantly
1391|clear is this is the hard work that I've been avoiding. In my head, it's like the hard work. I just kept like telling myself every other excuse about hiring
1401|um systems that everybody bloat, nobody does it lean still, nobody's as good at copyrighting, how could somebody like jump in and do operations if they've
1411|never done what I've done in this industry? Like, it's [\h__\h] stupid. Mhm. Now that I see it written out, it's like it's it's good, but it is kind of a wakeup call that like, [\h__\h] how long
1421|have I been kicking this can down the road? The feeling of knowing that like when you do go and take those 3 days off or you take that week trip with your girlfriend and then thinking that you got to come back and there's just a mountain there waiting for you, it's
1431|like it's dreadful. You can barely even enjoy the vacation. I couldn't enjoy Hawaii. The whole time I was there, I was sitting there. I'm like, [\h__\h] Like this is too much. I should be in I should be able to enjoy
1442|this. Burnout is a [\h__\h] the amount of times that I've just been going with blinders on and then sure enough hit a wall. You know, I could know there's hundreds of times this has happened
1452|quite honestly. Well, it's fine if it happens, you know, here and there maybe from time to time. You know, that can be normal, right? We all just need a break. But when you find yourself constantly running on fumes, you know, and you get
1463|that 4-day break and you feel like you still need more because you keep coming back to a company that is pure chaos, something is wrong. You know, I think all founders at the end of the day want
1474|to run a calm company. You want to run a business where you can take one month away from the business and come back to a team, to a company that is stronger than when you left. But the truth is
1484|when most founders look at their businesses, you know, they have a business that is running them into the ground. And it's not sustainable because the most important thing to me, it's longevity. Now, I'm not looking to just win over the next 1 2 3 5 years. I want
1496|to win over the next 20 years, 30 years, and just keep doing things I love for the long term. I wanted to chop it up with Blake on this idea of sustainability and how to stay in the game, manage his energy, and make sure
1508|he's feeling good for the next decade because he's got a big vision and I want to help him get there. I would say current offer, right, which is let's call it B&B plus. This is my software
1518|and arbitrage. I have the new potential offer, which would be the DFY service. Let's call this 3K and let's call this 35K. But now from a tactical standpoint
1529|as I'm getting all these things in place and I want to have a better offer here and maybe increase the price there and get build this offer, do all this new stuff and just keep just pushing the same [\h__\h] and just evolving it as it
1540|pushes. Yeah. I think that with all of this like it's not going to happen overnight, right? And so I think it's like day by day chipping away at this
1550|stuff. Like you have the key thing is to not try to do too much new stuff in terms of like new offer this and new that. Like reduce the surface area of stuff you got to do to the minimum
1560|amount possible. I I feel like once once every four months I crack this and I'm like end up having the best [\h__\h] week of my life. But I look at all this stuff I hate to keep take taking your mind.
1570|Okay. I don't need I look at all this [\h__\h] and then you add in let's call this girlfriend and then you add in travel and then you add in lifestyle then you
1581|add in health then you add in new business ideas and all that [\h__\h] The problem is like how I look at time is
1591|it's what it feels like to me. It's like you know we were talking earlier about all the other things that go into just like it's not just about courses or any of this stuff. It's like what we're really trying to build here is you and I
1602|on on some level trying to live a really [\h__\h] good life. Build cool [\h__\h] have fun doing it, do it with cool people, get to go travel and explore [\h__\h] that
1613|when I look at some of, you know, startups and types of businesses where I'm like, "Yeah, okay. Billion dollars and what? And what? You haven't [\h__\h] done anything. You're out of shape. Two divorces. Kids don't [\h__\h] know you.
1623|Big house." And I've been in big houses. I don't like when I don't know which when there's too many bedrooms, you know? So, it's like this time concept of I think when I get the new biz idea that
1633|there's no time like no none because it's like this idea is going to flee. And with B&B Plus, well, there's no time because I don't have time to create
1643|content cuz there's no time over here. And it's just this big stress circle where it almost seems like you're saying remove like addition by subtraction, but
1653|like on a granular [\h__\h] level. Mhm. You don't seem patient. No. Right. And I'm not patient either, but like you can tell that some of your it's kind of like
1663|really eating at you in your ability to like do this, right? Because you're like this now and new thing now and how do I get this now? [\h__\h] Now I'm like bring on these people, but what about this new thing? And when I don't do that new thing, it's it's going to it's going to
1674|phase away. Um I think like patience like that's something I've had to learn like just just literally from just [\h__\h] like hammering myself like dude just like slow down a bit, right? Like
1684|slow is smooth, smooth is fast. Number one. Two is like the opposite of what you think could be equally as true if not more true. So say one more time. The opposite of what you think could be
1695|equally as true if not more true than what you think. So like as an example, you think, oh this opportunity is going to phase out and this that maybe it's a timeless opportunity. What if AI was so
1706|good in 6 months? Yeah. That it actually lays it up for you. Like Google was the 17th search engine. It didn't have to be the first, right? It was like the 17th. So like it's not necessarily true how
1716|you're viewing as an example that one new thing maybe that's not and that's something that's been eating me. Yeah. And also you've also said in a good way like I'm kind of have this out in the ether and like I'll know it when I see
1726|it and right now you haven't seen that yet. So like just waiting and sitting on your hands again like a good investor, right? Like Warren Buffet pays like 98% of the time he's sitting on his hands, right? Like being okay with that. like
1737|sit on your hands, reinforce the cash cow, make the cash cow badass, remove yourself in the cash cow until something like calls you like crazy and you're like, "All right, now I'm ready and I
1747|got the squad to allow that to happen, which is like real shit." And the other thing that I think that you're you don't have people on your team, it sounds like like purely like these people that their
1758|core metric is your time. Like my sister's metric is literally allow me to have 20 hours of creative work per week. like that thing that you said your whole
1768|morning that you're like I want four hours every morning. That's her [\h__\h] job. That's not your [\h__\h] job, right? Like do not let that get interrupted. So like no meetings before that. Also like if people are coming in for [\h__\h] [\h__\h] figure it out, right? So that
1779|happens every day. I always get that time. There's never any screwing with that, right? You don't have people right now that I think understand even on like an energy level with you. Yo, I [\h__\h]
1789|need this. Like this business needs this. My life needs this. You are coming on board to make this happen, too. I it's just interesting that you voiced like that being the priority thing as
1800|like the preface to these hires of like your [\h__\h] job like I'm going to give you these tasks to do with the overarching goal of it's my time that I'm trying to get back so that
1810|everything moves better. Yeah. Amazing, dude. Cool. Yeah. In terms of next steps, I think step number one, time audit system. You got a big flight like 4 hours. So looking at your calendar,
1821|opening up your notebook, putting all the tasks down, and then going through your energy audit, what stuff gives you energy, what's neutral, what drains your energy, and then after that, wanting to
1831|mark down what stuff you can automate, eliminate, delegate, and then I would start to create V1 of the chief of staff role as well as the ops role. Um, just use whatever tool is easiest for you.
1841|All the tools are notes, [\h__\h] Yeah. Notes, whatever you like. And then you're going to have those two JDs. Pretty good. I would then put those, if you want, into Claude if you like Claude. and say, "Hey, turn this into a
1851|job description and here's my business. This is the value prop formal JD." So now you have a Google doc
1861|for chief of staff, a Google doc for ops, put that on view everyone access, send that to me, send it to 40 other people on, you know, your a player list, share with your audience of it. Um, and
1872|that's that basically. And then now the key thing I would just focus is like step one, this whole time audit system. Step two, the hiring of these people is like a big step. And then step three um
1884|is basically then getting into the mix with them. Ideally, like they end up working 40, 50 hours a week um and giving you the ability to then buy back like 60 70 hours of your week, get some mental clarity, be able to work on
1895|bigger opportunities, and be able to just like have some fun and live the lifestyle you're after. That's a dream. Time back. All right. Thank you, brother. Let's get it. Yeah. So, just wrapping up that session with Blake. You
1905|know, it feels really good to be able to help founders that are, you know, eight years earlier in their journey than I am and be able to share some of the core learnings that I wish I had when I was
1915|Blake's age. I really feel like when I'm helping Blake, when I'm helping other founders, you know, I'm really in my calling in life, helping them with the sort of systems that are going to help
1925|unlock their time, help them seize their potential. I mean, it was cool. You know, I think Blake is someone that I've met actually through building an audience online. And it's cool to cross paths here in Brooklyn, be able to hang
1937|out, uh, become, you know, deeper friends. It feels good to know that I've given Blake someone that, you know, even after this session, he needs a bit of help, he can call me. Something comes up as he's implementing the time a system,
1947|he can just text me. There's something just really beautiful about being able to have fellow founders backs as they go and try to accomplish their big vision. So, super rewarding. I know Blake got a 10 out of it and excited for the next
