1|Well, first off, this is amazing cuz what you just gave me, which is a huge gift. So, thank you. I am really excited about this. What if I told you that the biggest bottleneck in your business isn't your strategy, it's your subconscious? Today, I'm going to go and
11|meet up with my mentor and friend Russell Brunson, and we're going to dive into how your subconscious can either be the biggest contributing factor to your success or it can actually sabotage their success. These are all the
22|subconscious feelings, right? If I want to be a millionaire or a billionaire, whatever the the next level is for you, it's like, does a billionaire believe differently than I believe? We're trying just a lot of like trial and error around that, seeing like what sticks.
32|You got me so excited. We're going to show how your subconscious can influence things like your marketing, your content, your sales, and when you get it dialed in, it's going to help propel you
42|to your goals and help you avoid massive failures that are in front of your face every single day. I never thought about the subconscious belief and building it that direction is fascinating. We're
53|going to share a lot of different tactics and systems that I haven't shared anywhere else. And I also learn a ton of things that help me go and avoid sabotaging my own success. So, I can't wait for you to see this. Let's get into
63|it. I feel like uncovered something I think we're both into, but I'm sure in very very different ways, which is the power of the subconscious mind and its influence on different aspects of business and your personal life on that
75|talk about bew um the subconscious side of things, let's say, mindset side and curious to dive into some of your kind of like practices, tactics. what you've seen
87|really work cuz obviously we got the sales side which I know is something that you're super passionate about and then the content side of things which is something that we're both really passionate about from reading over the
97|years from mentors podcast and just talking with fellow entrepreneurs I've come to the realization honestly that what's going on in your subconscious is way more important than what even is consciously happening the idea of not
108|just programming your subconscious by thinking or writing certain things but actually feeling them being the most important aspect is something that me and Russell jam on here. Most people
118|that I know that talk about subconscious, they start with like the mindset side. That's what they're focusing on. And for me, it started the other way. It started with sales. And it's actually fascinating if you look at the history of it, again, I'm a I'm a book nerd. But if you look back, the
128|first person that unders like discovered and started talking about like unconscious, subconscious, was Freud. And he was doing it from this whole like therapy angle. But Freud had a nephew named Edward Bernay. He was listening to
139|Freud talk about stuff. This is amazing. So Bernay came here to America. He started taking these these concepts that Freud was trying to do for mindset and for psychology and for you know therapy stuff like that. He's like I think I can use this to like to make money and to
149|and to change people's thoughts and perceptions. So he wrote a book called Propaganda which is an insanely good book taking Freud stuff but using it for mass persuasion. How do we persuade people? How do we move people? The very
160|first like big project he got was for the government. And at the time whatever war it was World War I or something most people did not want to go to war. They were fighting against it. So the government brought him in and said like use stuff you figured out to get the
170|whole country on board with going to war. And so he built these big huge propaganda campaigns and he went out there and he persuaded and literally shifted the entire country to where everyone was behind the war excited for the war. And that's kind of the
181|beginning of him testing out Freud stuff in mass persuasion psychology and he kept going going and again that time he writes this book called propaganda showing how he's doing it. But then propaganda becomes this very negative
191|term and so he goes back he's like we need to change this. So he renamed propaganda public relations which became PR and he was the he was the one who founded PR. And so I came into the sales world learning about the subcon like
201|through that lens of like the same way that I get somebody if I'm in an audience and there's you know 5,000 people in the room and I'm trying to get them to run to the back and buy my thing like understanding the psychology of that the same psychology I need to
212|actually change myself. And so then it's like turning it inwards. And then for the last two and a half years of my life, that's my obsession is like changing myself, my own mindset through this same persuasion techniques,
222|subconscious understanding. So that's kind of how I connect those things together. Often times we think we're being conscious with decisions that we're making, but the truth is there's other stories going on in the background. I've gone and, you know,
233|become consistent about every single night listening to a certain meditation. I love this one from Bob Proctor and this one from Wayne Dyer. And I also go and read a one-pager that kind of
244|creates my dream scene of where I'm looking to be over the next year. And when I'm reading that, I'm really fueling into those emotions. And that surprisingly sounds like he has a similar strategy. I think one thing
255|that'll help this makes sense for people too is like understand the difference between conscious and subconscious, right? The conscious mind speaks in questions. So a lot of times we're asking questions over and over and over again. Whereas the subconscious deals
265|with stories which is why when you're doing yourself a night like you're not like asking yourself questions like you're painting a vision you're you're you're painting a picture you're telling a story for your subconscious mind to see and to understand right and that's
276|the thing that a lot of people miss. I'm consciously deciding like what is the thing I want to change in my life or or consciously seeing the thing that is broken right and then what we try to do is we try to consciously try to solve the problem but like you know that
286|doesn't actually work. I a lot of entrepreneurs come to my world. They see like we have an award called the two comic club awards. They see I want I'm going to make a two comic. It's like conscious like I decide I want to win a two comic club award and they start going towards it. And it's crazy. Some
296|people like it's very simple. They just go and they get it right. And other people it's like they just can't thing after thing and they no matter what they do they can't figure out how to get it. And it's not a conscious thing. We give the same training the same frameworks
306|the same systems everybody but some have success and some some don't. And the reason is because of the subconscious like the story that's told inside their mind. Right? somebody who grew up in a family where the family like thought
317|money was easy to to to get and they just have this subconscious belief like the story they told is like oh it's easy to get money that there's money in abundance whereas somebody who grew up in a family maybe where people were like money is really hard it's very difficult
327|and they they just have this belief like this is this belief they have when I understand that it's like now I have to I have to figure out how to change that that subconscious belief and there's a lot of ways that like what you're talking about you're deny like you're telling yourself these stories putting that pattern into your mind versus the
338|other one. Yeah. I know you see it all the time like whether it's like someone they know they need to make content. They need to be putting their brand out there but they're worried what their team's going to think or what are my investors going to think and sure enough they have these stories in their head
348|that are tripping them up and preventing them from doing the thing that they really know I think in their heart of hearts and like it's part of their calling in life to get that thing done but there's just these like stories that are sort of tripping them up. So the
358|most beautiful thing about your subconscious mind is that you can actually go and influence it. I have a bunch of strategies that I've used, things like my board meeting strategy and Russell's got a bunch of strategies
368|that he's also used to evolve into a founder of a multi-billion dollar company now. So, we chop it up on those inside systems that we've used. I was pretty surprised actually to learn a few
378|of his cuz they're new practices I'm going to now integrate into my daily routine. Often times it's that drama side of things, not the math side of things that's really tripping people up. What's like the core thing that you
389|sometimes find is like this is like a way to help others or what's something that's worked in your own life to get people over that? Let me explain on sales side cuz it makes it for me it's easier to explain. It sounds like that's like where it's all started. Like it was all it was all there and then it
399|filtered down to one rip. I'm the worst ever one-on-one sales person. Like I'm not good at that. It stresses me out. But I'm really good at one to many sales. So the problem with one to many sales is there's a whole audience of people and I don't know what their individual concerns are. You're kind of
409|just like shotgunning out a whole bunch of things and hoping for the best, right? And so when I'm doing a presentation that I know the goal is to get somebody to go buy something at the end of it for them to go buy something I need them to believe this going to work
420|for them, right? And then I reverse engineer like why would they not believe that? Like what are the stories they already have in their mind? And so it's like well one of the case studies I always share cuz it's like kind of a a goofy one but easy is like let's say let's say you're selling someone a
430|network marketing opportunity, right? As soon as I said that like I'm sure everyone listening like you had an instant like visceral reaction. You're like I love network marketing. You're like this is the most evil thing in the world. or put an idea into your head and
440|you you instantly subconsciously had a feeling but they have they have this story that like if I join network marketing opportunity I'm going to lose my friends and my family that's the subconscious story they have so I got to think back why do they believe that like
450|something happened in their life that caused them to do and again I don't I don't know each person individually but as a whole like what probably happened so usually what happened is that either they joined a network marketing opportunity they called their friends and their family and they got you know yelled at and they got hung up or they
461|had somebody that they knew join and the person kept bugging them so in their heads no matter how good I am at selling or persuasion they are never going to run the back of the room if that's the belief they have. Even though I'm giving a a presentation where consciously
472|speaking, I know that they have a subconscious belief that will keep them from ever buying my product. So, I got to figure out, okay, this is the story they have, what story do I have that would trump their story? Cuz if I can
482|replace their story with my story, then they will move. If my story will trump their story, that story will fall away and then the new story will take over. And now when I pitch and like this is
492|like they'll run to the back of the room if they believe my story. And so that's that's how we do in sales. And so mindset's the same thing. I come back and I'm like, what's the story I actually have right now? Like I have to
502|tell myself a better story to rewrite the false belief. Otherwise, it's not going anywhere. So your subconscious doesn't just influence your mindset, but it can also go and help you with content. I go over some of my most
513|favorite tactics here for really helping you understand what's going on in the mind of your core consumer. that you can go and leverage the stories that they're telling, the dreams they have, and their
524|biggest fears to then influence the exact content that you can create that's going to help them convert. Now, I found this actually with on the content side. I see a lot of founders when they're coming up with like a content strategy, pull it out of thin air, you know, and
535|they're like, I don't know where to get content from. Where do I come up with these ideas? And one of the core tactics that I find is most useful to actually just create content that people either consciously or subconsciously want is to just go and create a type form survey as
545|an example and go and just survey your existing amazing customers and ask them a few questions. Know number one, you know, what's keeping you up at night right now? Oo, that's a good one. Number two, if you were to wave a magic wand,
555|what would you want my help with over the next year? And number three, what is your biggest dream right now? And then taking all of those answers when you've gone and maybe surveyed say 20 people and then using that as the backbone to
566|your content strategy. So, you're starting to kind of now craft content that solves those insane problems that they're keeping them up at night that they maybe don't even consciously know that they totally want these things solved, that you could even solve this,
576|but can kind of then spin that into a content strategy that not just attracts these people, but like really converts them to your thing because you're inherently solving those really burning problems or helping them really see that
587|dream in a way that if you're doing it right, they feel like you're almost reading their mind. Yeah. When I first started really executing on this, the coolest thing that happened with the sales stuff is they're more willing to buy, but the second off sometimes you
597|can consciously convince somebody to go buy something from you, but then them actually implementing it falls apart. Those are the ones who refund or they give up and they don't have success. Whereas if you do it correct on the sales side where you re you break those
608|false beliefs during the sales cycle, their ability to actually have success afterwards exponentially goes up because those false beliefs are no longer holding them back. And so it's almost like the better you get at this and the same thing on the content side. If you break someone's false beliefs during the
619|content when they do enter your world and decide to invest with you or get coaching or whatever the next step is inside your funnel, you've already done the work of rewriting their false beliefs up front, they're way more likely to comply and actually get the
629|things done that you you need to. But interesting too, there's like that quote that like people don't buy what you sell, they buy what others want to buy. And so it doesn't always need to be be just you breaking those false beliefs. If you can find obviously other amazing
640|success stories from similar people, whether it's a agency owner just getting started or that person running their first SAS business and showing their success stories. Yeah. They're not just hearing it from you. They're seeing like themselves in that other person who also
650|had those negative beliefs and those things that were holding them up and go, shoot, I'm just like that. And look at the success they've been able to have from leaning into it. Okay, now I'm going to subscribe to this train. So
660|just like every company has its own intellectual property when it comes to your customer list or maybe even your tech, I believe that you also have content intellectual property. These are the common phrases that you use that
671|become almost the monikers of your brand, the things that people come to know and love you for. Now I went and discovered a kind of new strategy that I formulated with partly my own
681|subconscious and leveraging chat GBT which I share with Russell in this next bit and I'm pretty sure it blew his mind. I want to run something by you. Something I've been playing with on this sort of level recently was inspired by
691|Mel Robbins. I just kept on thinking Mel Robbins is such a genius marketer. Like these like different terms that she's invented like that or the 5-second rule. My wife's a huge Mel Robbins fan, so I hear about it every day. Crushing like
702|number one on Amazon, number one on Apple. I'm like, what is going on here? Basically went and thought like, what is she doing here? What is happening? And it hit me that maybe something that's kind of happening is that she's taking like all these like psychological
713|barriers that often times like her audience has. When I did this with my own audience, right, I was like, "Go and chat GBT. Come up with the top 20 limiting beliefs or psychological barriers rank from top to bottom that
723|someone in my audience is probably facing overwhelm. Maybe there's like imposttor syndrome, fear of others, let's say, and like a bunch of others." And I had this thought of like it feels to some extent that what she's doing is
734|taking that feeling when it comes up in someone and then like inserting like a catchy phrase that's like a trigger reminder of like oh what someone should
744|do when they feel that way. So as an example right for one book you know she's got one concept let's say let them right the whole idea that maybe you're worried about what someone else's thinks instead of letting your brain go into
754|that direction say let them think whatever they think and let me go and control what I can control. move on. But that feeling, that trigger that comes up like 30 times a day, like in different
765|ways. Oh, I'm going to talk to Russell today. I hope I'm on my, you know, on my best today. And it's like, no, at a certain point, stop praying about this. Like, let Russell think what he's going to think and I'm going to do what I do and let's see where this goes. similar
775|to her book 5-second rule when you're procrastinating or when you're putting off that thing that you should be doing like using that rule constantly in your life where again it probably comes up 20 plus times a day and thereby in some
785|senses like Mel Robbins concepts are like coming up in your brain like 20 30 times a day and so I started thinking okay what would it look like to with each of these like core blockers that my
795|audience has either consciously or subconsciously what are like different phrases that I have or could invent that help people overcome that. Yeah. So say for a fear of others and what they're
807|going to think maybe like the phrase is like do it uh messy. This whole idea of like do it messy like launch this like thing that's kind of Launch a draft like it's okay like if it's a bit messy just go for it. coming up with
818|this basically like a phrase cloud that all of these phrases then deal with all of these like subconscious or conscious like blockers that people get into and then you have all these phrases you can
828|test them in like short form content in tweets in YouTube videos see what catches fire and then kind of like double down on that as almost like your content intellectual property and it was crazy cuz when I was reading her book it
838|was interesting the first 15 pages she's coming up with like so where did I even come up with this concept I actually put a short form video out really and I had shared this cuz my daughter had said it in the backyard and sure enough this video caught storm got like 20 million
849|views in 24 hours and she made a podcast around it and it was like the number one Apple podcast around that and she's like okay now I'm going to write a book around this. So I'm curious on your side like yeah what you do around this or how
859|you're thinking around it any strategies you you've been a genius with this in your own way like the concept of like inventing a funnel as like people were kind of thinking like I want to you know drive people from traffic to like a a
870|website thing to like a product it's like that's a funnel like how do you think about that a bit? Well, first off, this is amazing cuz this left hand column, these are all the subconscious feelings, right? When you have a
880|conscious decision and these are the things you're feeling, that's what you got to be aware of. And so, it's like, why do I have the fear of others? Why do I have the imposter syndrome? Why do I have those? Well, you just gave me, which is a huge gift. So, thank you. It's just like I never thought about that lens of what Mel's doing or how to
891|do in content, but this is what hit me. I don't know if she's doing this, but it it felt it felt it feels like I think you're dead on. She may not even consciously know that's what she's doing, but that is I'm really excited about this. What this is doing is what
901|we said earlier. This is trumping the story, right? It's like you do it messy, you're going to tell a story about that and next time someone has it, they're going to default to like fear of others and that's the story and then it's like oh wait I can replace it with this story do it messy and then that gives
911|encouragement and power cuz you a story and it's like interesting cuz in the previous thing we were kind of talking about like how to then come up with a content strategy around this. It's like well you have like maybe a chart of like 20 of these fears or limiting beliefs or
923|subconscious like barriers people have like that one thought which in her case was let them but in this case maybe it's like again do it messy and it's like how do you then start to create like a bit
934|of a content waterfall off of that basically put it in front of like a focus group online and like kind of go and go okay I'm going to make like a a YouTube video off of this and then I'm going to go and I'm going to create six
945|like IG you know reels off six Tik Toks off that. I'm going to create like a an email newsletter to just put it in front of enough people and see if like when
955|you're in conversations with folks like are people kind of like oh man like I was like having this trouble man I was so worried about what my family was thinking I was so scared and like honestly I just came to grips I just got to do it messy like I love that change
966|and you're like you're getting DMs around it now or people are actually using that language and you're like okay this is like a sticky idea is brilliant like I I always create content based on the hook or the head or
976|whatever the external thing I never thought about starting it with the the subconscious belief and building it that direction is fascinating. Again, when
986|I'm speaking from stage, we're consciously talking to I'm subconsciously telling stories, right? First phase I'm doing when I'm creating a presentation is thinking to what are the false beliefs somebody has. When I'm creating content, I'm not doing that. I'm not starting with like what is it
996|subconsciously that's holding him back? Like when you're doing these big events, this one selling. The thing I didn't realize for so long is that there's actually two events going on. There's like the event that others are seeing,
1006|but then there's also this event that you're doing underneath all that, which is like understanding their beliefs, the beliefs that they need to overcome, inserting those stories where they just think it's this awesome thing that you just kind of put together and it's like
1016|amazing. Like this is quite the show, but underneath that there's a lot of belief breaking, belief inserting new stories. And I think that that's like the opportunity for both of us. My first mentor Dan Kennedy, he had an event
1026|called the influential writing workshop and it was all about writing good sales copy. What we made all of us do is we had to go and list out all the false beliefs that our potential customer has and then from there we had to write a
1036|story for every single one. And he's like you need to build like a repository of stories. He's like most people they they show up hoping that the story will appear right. So we made it sit down there for like hours writing down every false belief and then figuring out like
1046|a story from our past that would for every single one that we could tell and it was like kind of a long brutal process but I look at the last decade of my life literally 90% of stories I tell
1056|came from that exercise right I always look at it from like writing copy doing a presentation and I've always looked at content separately which I don't think is correct so struggle with content stuff and I think that's probably one of
1066|the core reasons is I just haven't even thought about the same way I thought about everything else I definitely noticed that about you just talking in person you're like a story bank like it's impressive. I know I'm learning too
1076|from you like that makes sense. I feel like that exercise was quite transformative. It was like it had a ton of dividends cuz it seems like it's like created this Yeah. like a repository in your brain like okay this new person
1086|that did a e-commerce business this person that had that belief that was screwed up. This person that thought that network marketing was ugly or whatever the heck. And after you do that the first time then every time you see a
1096|story you're like oh I can use that and all suen you become more aware of it. So first it was very much like a written out thing and over time it becomes more where you know a lot of more is in your head but it's just but it opens up your eyes to all the different ways you
1106|story. So most people you know all of us we'll go and buy something and I don't know about you but when I purchase something I'll go back and go what exactly happened there that caused me to convert over the years from having been
1117|on enough sales calls delivered enough myself trained enough sales teams across my portfolio of online companies. I think it's important that you really prepare for the subconscious script going on in any sales call. So, we're
1128|going to go and break down how you can go and plan the different beliefs, the objections, and the specific stories that you want to make sure that you're planting into the subconscious of any prospect so they're convinced of your
1139|solution, your product, and ready to buy. When you do your content stuff, where do you lead initially? Where do you start? Do you start at the subconscious belief level or these days? I am leading into this like um like
1149|subconscious like belief side of it with like those phrases that I just showed you. So yeah, me and the team like we went and took like all the 20 most popular kind of limiting beliefs people have and then went and drew up either
1160|new phrases kind of again content IP that's like unique. It's only owned by me like people haven't heard anywhere else so that it's got like a stickiness factor that can then be associated with our brand. Yeah, we're trying just a lot
1171|of like trial and error around that seeing like what sticks. That's like I think a more like advanced level. I don't think you need to do that out the gate. I do think that the thing that everyone should be doing out the gate is
1181|like the survey of three questions. We live in a cool day and age where you can use again type form or whatever you want to use for that. Google forms doesn't matter. And then even upload the whole CSV to chat GBT this analyze this and
1192|just come up with like what are like the top 20 how-to videos I could create that would help my the people in my audience. What are the top 10 lists these people would enjoy and think about like the format that you most enjoy for whatever
1203|piece of content or platform you're making it for and see what ideas you can get from that. So we took all like 1500 podcast episodes I've done uploaded my books found all my presentations I've ever given. And so we took basically
1213|everything I've ever said publicly, threw it into Jad GBT and manus a couple different things and then it's been so cool to be able to like ask it questions and pull out analyzing patterns like what are the it's helped me just in the last couple weeks speed up like pulling
1224|out ideas for all these different type of things. I'm excited to run through the lens of the like what are the phrases or even like based on stories I'm telling what are the false beliefs I'm trying to break you know and like
1235|start reverse engineering what we've been doing over the last two decades and start figuring those things out. I always think about this like conscious mind has got to be a guard for our subconscious because if we're not careful like you are allowing these
1245|beliefs to like bypass your conscious directly into your subconscious and you can see the results happening on the back side of it right like we have to consciously be a protector of like what we allow in number one but number two it's like auto suggestions all like
1255|figure out the things we do want like what are the things we need to believe the things we got to tell ourselves to like get our subconscious mind to point us in the the correct direction right if I know this is a destination I'm someone
1267|who models right so if I know like here's people I know who gotten here what do they believe. Like I got to figure out what they believe. If I want to be a millionaire or a billionaire, whatever the the next level is for you, it's like what does a millionaire believe differently than I? What does a
1277|billionaire believe differently than I believe? What does a founder? What is whatever the the goal you want, right? And so we model that and then reverse engineer. Here's the things they believe that I struggle with. All right, let's let's create suggestions to get us to
1287|have the same beliefs that we need to have to get there. Right. And at your current level, like is there any content stuff that you're currently like noodling on on your own side that you want to chop it up on? We've been playing a lot with that recently trying to figure out like my unique voice. Um I
1298|feel like we've been struggling a little bit. There's platforms we have like for me it's like live events or podcasts where it's like I can speak and connect to people in a certain way but now and when the internet got started or social
1308|media got started it was all based on like we get subscribers we give a message our subscribers here now but for most social platforms now it's no longer subscriber based it's algorithm based right so it's like a lot of times we're I'm having to create content in a way
1319|that's not the way I would normally do it to be able to feed the algorithm and I struggle with that a debate as old as our time art versus algorithm so often I
1330|talk to founders and they get so caught up in the views, the comments, the likes. And while this stuff is important as it can give you a general sense of how a piece of content is performing, it also can lead you astray. So I guess for
1341|me the question is just understanding like how do you make it match to make it work. You know what I mean? Yeah. I think it's like this like battle that like every like founder and creator is going through. It's you know art versus
1352|you know like algorithm. Yeah. when you weight yourself maybe as like a founder where inevitably like there's got to be some like profit on the other side of this or else you can't afford to have the whole team around you have to
1363|consider the algorithm but you don't want to ignore the art when I ask like 60% of people that come and work at Founder O like what was it that caused you to want to do this together a lot of it comes down to like some kind of
1373|comment around like your vibe or energy and if I just simply go and maybe optimize for the algorithm I'm like scripting out word by word I'm like crafting it exactly the way that I know that when this video went viral they
1384|said this and I have this thing there and while you're architecting it like immaculately maybe for the algorithm, you're missing like the vibe, the energy and then suddenly now it's like oh this is just some scripted BS. Yeah. And I
1394|think we live in a day and age, especially right now on a lot of these platforms. We swung so far algorithmically, I think, is just like a online creator community more than ever like just off the cuff behind the
1404|scenes. The authenticity like really is it drives me crazy as a consumer cuz I go see like 30 videos of the same thumbnail, same type, you know, it's their version, but it's like everyone doing the same thing, like copying each
1415|other versus again like you said, the art of here's what I want to teach, what I want to share. Yeah. So the things that I think like that are worth like looking at in terms of the algorithm are like let's just use the example of a short form video. It's like you know
1426|like the general like word count you can go for. So obviously you're not going to just like go on like maybe a 20-minute ramble for like a minute video. You know that you got about 130 words that you can do. And so like learning to like
1437|package up your ideas into that amount. I think like the most important thing obviously is like the hook. On that side what I've seen successful is like knowing the hook that you're going to start with. Like lock yourself in a room
1447|and read these 10 books. they'll change your life. But then from there, just get into the 10 books that really changed your life. It doesn't need to be scripted from there. What I also found useful, this is kind of I guess kind of
1458|more of a Steve Jobs thing, right? Is like the rule of three. Like because you don't have that much time often times to get into a given idea, potentially packaging up your idea when you're
1468|talking about off the cuff into like the three core things someone needs to know. Where like art and algorithm I think mix is like finding like your your brand. people are going to be able to stop the scroll more if like you're instantly
1479|recognizable. And where I think a lot of founders get tripped up because they think they're optimizing for the algorithm, but what they're quickly doing is like they're making a video that looks just like Hormosy's videos
1489|and they have the same color scheme, the same font, the same hooks, and suddenly they just are watered down version of Horoszi, let's just say, instead of sort
1499|of doubling down on what is your like color, you know, core color of your videos, right? What's the core, you know, font? What's like your unique B-roll? What's like the sound that you use? And doesn't just have to be all the
1510|algorithm sounds of what's blowing up. Like what's the sound of your brand? Like what do you listen to when you're wrestling or when you're writing? Like that becomes like, oh, I'm like in Russell's world. Where we all get
1520|tripped up sometimes is that the platforms quickly tell you how many people like or view your stuff. But likes and views don't equal cash. Yeah. and they can be really deceiving because
1530|the things that actually reward views and likes often times is like beginner content, viral content, controversial content, mass appeal content, but often time mastermind. Yeah, exactly. These
1540|are not even the people often times that we're trying to really capture and and talk to. And so you may actually see when you execute a more balanced like art approach where it is more unique to you. you're talking about the things
1550|that matter to that corner of your audience that you will see your likes decrease and you will see your views decrease but you're actually talking to the right people. It's this like idea of like you know signal over noise, right?
1562|Noise being like the likes, the views and all that. What matters a lot more to me is like I say follow like you and like a hundred other entrepreneurs on
1572|Instagram that like I respect the hell of and if I see you comment on something or my friend Daniel Dalen comment on something who I like respect a lot who has good taste like is successful they
1583|know a good idea when they see it that's 10,000 likes. So I'm kind of like trying trying to get a read on like the signal of a piece of content versus just like the views of it or the likes. It's
1594|especially useful for those of us that aren't just targeting beginners all day long, right? When you have a more, you know, sophisticated buyer, inevitably, you're probably going to do your job right when you do have less views or
1604|likes, and that's okay. The algorithm may show you that certain formats work, but again, if you just copy that format, not you, but anyone, you end up just being another one of those. So, can you be more inventive in a format? It's not
1615|going to get necessarily as many views or likes, but the right people are going to see it and like save it, share it with a friend, like and and be like, "How do I get in a room where Russell's doing this?" Which is the exact kind of person you want potentially. For sure.
1626|That's awesome, man. I love that. Thank you. Cool. It's really helpful. Well, listen, it's uh, you know, been great hanging and a dream come true in many senses, man. And I appreciate and all the that you've done to contribute to
1636|the founder community over the years and you continue to inspire in so many ways and just really appreciate Yeah. just all your generosity over the years. It like means a lot. It's changed my life. It's changed a lot of other people's lives and I definitely wouldn't be doing
1647|this and probably a lot of things in my life right now had it not been for a lot of the stuff you've shared. So, just want to say thank you. I appreciate that, man. Thank you for letting me know that. Awesome. Finally making this happen. We've been talking about it for like a year. We finally made it.
1657|Exactly. No, I appreciate it. Awesome. Very cool. Thank you, Russell. Thanks.
