2|This is the exact content strategy that makes them beg to buy. First things first, make art, not content. Whenever I got started on any platform, say YouTube or newsletter, I just focused on making 100 pieces of
14|content that I was proud of, right? Focusing on the process, not some outcome of getting to 100,000 subscribers or a million views. The next one is
24|position yourself so sharply a stranger gets you in 5 seconds. You know, people know I stand for founder freedom, controlling the four Ws in life, working where you want, when you want, on what
34|you want, with whoever you want, and that I'm known for helping founders with systems for organic content and building their social media machine. So, what is your positioning, right? The next thing
44|is stack 11 touch points across four different contexts, right? What you're looking to do before any sales call, right, is make sure that people see an abundance of your
54|content leading up to it, so they're pre-suaded and pre-sold, right? And they're already coming with their wallet open because they trust you. Trust is the ultimate currency. From there, you
66|want two-piston content, right? You want the type that goes and attracts people top of funnel, that more growth content, and then your deeper expertise content that then goes and converts them.
78|Along the way, remember to just be insanely generous, right? Give people your heart, your soul, right? The more generous you are, the more they're going to go and share it and trust you to then
88|buy from you. Let's go.
