1|Most people think that creativity is about freedom. No rules, no structure, just inspiration. That belief is why most creators burn out and why most business owners feel stuck between building a business and a life they
11|actually enjoy. Sam is an absolute legend. He has the creative part on lock and now it's a matter of merging that goat level creativity with some solid business systems so he can have
21|the best of both worlds. And so what we're going to do here is give him the systems necessary, the offer necessary so he can go and take things to the next level. He wants to be able to travel, have amazing adventures, skydive, you
32|name it. And now it's just a matter of having that business that runs itself so that he can live the most epic life possible. Let's dive in. It's December 2025. I know you've got some big ambitions and some like realignment
43|you're looking to do >> in 2026. I just curious like on a more human level like what's going on in in your world these days. >> 2025 has been lots of ups and downs, a lot of downs for sure. And it's kind of
54|made me rethink. It's kind of made me step back and just want to rethink not just my business, but personal life, everything, you know? So, I've I've been in this like introspective
65|time off period where I've just kind of been reassessing everything. So, when you hit me up and you're like, "Let's do a session." I was like, "Actually, that feels really in alignment for where I'm at in life right now." When I look back on the past couple years and how I've
77|been living my life, I think that there's been a lot of beautiful moments and success in business and in personal life as well, but I think there's definitely room to refine things, feel more seamless moving forwards. I think I
89|think really a lot of it's in like business related. Cool. So, why don't we start with a bit one thing I find useful is like as I've scaled as a founder really viewing myself as more of like an investor than an entrepreneur. And I
100|think when you look at like the most successful investors out there, one thing they're really big on is having like their own criteria by which they say yes to things and more importantly how they say no to [\h__\h] and then we can kind of use that as like our north star
111|as we start to kind of like go down and maybe draw up different offers or draw up the business or whatever we want to go with it. >> I mean, I definitely want to create my life around play. I think play is a big
121|one. I think my ideal life is where the dayto-day feels like I'm at summer camp. >> >> I don't I don't want to feel like I'm in a cubicle. Enjoy the people that I'm
133|doing business with. So the team that I have, you know, with me on the journey. I think any new business endeavors that I'm taking on, I would definitely want it to be scalable.
143|>> Okay. >> That's I think that that's definitely very important. >> Yep. >> Tell me a little bit about like Yeah. when it comes to just like moving into 2026, looking to recalibrate things,
154|looking to align things around this and I'm sure a lot of other things you got on your mind. What's kind of the real challenge for you right now? >> Like the main business that I've been focusing on since 2021 has been Cold
165|Your Creative, my online school and community. >> Mhm. >> That has done pretty well for me for the first 3 years. It slowed down for sure and that's I think that that's just a result of me putting less attention
176|towards it. And the reason I've been putting less attention towards it is because I've been focused on other things specifically my uh the software that I've been working on dm with in
187|2026. I the vision or my plan was to put more attention towards Colder Creative the first quarter, first two quarters of 2026 to kind of bring it more life, get
198|more activity going in there and like just rethink the uh the marketing in order to get more people in the community, help more people and, you know, make more money. >> Cool. And then on the DM side, what's
209|your kind of thinking there right now with it? >> DM's been a long like in in the works for a long time. I think like I've been really wanting to just get an MVP out, >> test the waters, but we're kind of at a
219|point where we're just like creating a final product. And I'm really proud of what I've created, but I don't really know what's going to come out come out of it from a financial standpoint. It's really been more just like a big learning experience and solving a
230|problem that myself and many other creators have. >> Cool. When we think about the pricing of these, like which what offers exist for these things? >> So, Colder Creative right now, I believe the all access is 1,500. Can you just um
242|let me know what does that mean exactly? >> It's uh access to everything. So all the lessons you get access to like the community which we do yearly contests. Every year we do a big contest called
252|the Myer contest. And honestly it's changed people's lives like massively. Like every creator that's won that contest has gotten a lot of big opportunities come their way. They also
262|get to go on a trip with me. They build a a relationship with me and the KC team. >> Okay. And so it's 1.5K. Is it an annual thing? >> No, just onetime payment. one time like forever. >> Yeah.
272|>> And they get access to the meds forever. >> Yeah. We want to do uh we want to launch it as a premium product. So it's free for everyone. Um and then once you want to upgrade to the premium features, then
284|you have to pay pay a subscription. Sorry, let's add let's add um production company. I I you know, the production company, a lot of it is just like me working on
294|>> videos, brand deals for clients. Um but I also work with other creators. I haven't put as much time into growing the production company just because I don't know if that's actually what I want to be doing right now. But I know
305|that there's there's that avenue there. You know, it feels like the focus that we can really chop it up on is like this piece >> cuz it feels like you're about to lock in Q1 and Q2 is this. We know that this
316|could hit all these things if we just engineer it correctly. >> So, let me show you with like this business model at least like some ways to think about it. And then it's going to be completely irrelevant.
328|And we can just kind of start to see if there's a certain model or evs
350|to what they're doing. They generally have say like an entrylevel offer, right? It could go anywhere from say 99 bucks to say $499. It's like the low ticket thing. Then you'll have like your typical kind of
361|like high ticket which is typically um when people are speaking about that it's like 2K all the way up to say 10K and then the last piece is like more of like a super high ticket. Okay. And that's
373|generally just basically 11K plus. Let's just say 11K to like 100K just to keep it simple. Okay. As an example, as I was building Founder OS, you know, we really started in this like high ticket range
384|with something that was $2,000. Started selling that gradually increased the price to 3K to 4K like every few months as just like demand picked up. We kept on increasing it. I've helped thousands
394|of founders and I hear this all the time that the offer stack framework is one of the most useful things they received from me. And so I wanted to go and give it to you. You can get it for free via the link in the description. go and map
404|out your core offer, your entry- level offer, and any super high ticket offers you may be thinking about so you can get clarity on your overall stack and then take massive action today. Let's just
414|get into the pieces. So, the parts of like these offers to keep it super easy. There's always sort of community is one component. There's like the actual
424|systems. There's access to me. There's support from my team. And then there's typically like there can be an in-person aspect as it scales. So there's a lot of
435|you that are looking to go and build different sorts of offers. And when you think about building an offer that has, you know, education and community as part of it, I like to go and think about the different variables that are
445|included in an offer like this or what I call the components of a high ticket offer. As you're structuring these, right, let's just talk about like high ticket for a second. Typically like it'll have some element of like an
457|online community. could be things like circle, school, mighty networks, WhatsApp, Telegram, pick your thing. That's like one component you have to play with. The next part is systems or
467|you know even the material you were talking about that you have. You have all this material that these people can go through inside of Colder Creative and go and like learn I think all your LUTs and things like and all the editing tactics that you use. Access is like if
479|people were to get like access to you. >> What kind of access do you give in your >> Yeah. No, glad you brought up. So typically in this range you're never giving onetoone calls. The access that I give as an example is inside of our high
489|ticket which is now like a $7,800 offer. People get access to me on a group call once a month. I have like as an example, just to give you different examples, I have a $36,000 offer, right, that people
499|are in for a year and they get access to me once per week and then we have 50 live sessions with my team in a month. My belief is sometimes as you're building these businesses, people want to get to you. But then there's also
509|like you could open source maybe other experts that you have because people would love to meet like your sound guy, your travel planner person, your color grader. They can maybe get access under
519|this hypothetical example to you once a month, however much you want to do it. And again, that's a group call. So it's not you're not doing oneto ones, but then they could hypothetically also get access to some like other trusted individuals that are part of like your
531|crew or people you respect or however you want to do that. And then so that's kind of the support piece too, right? It's like support from other folks that you know and then in person. Now, you don't have to do all of these. These are
542|just like the parts you have to play with. I think that like as an example, this like product like I would have expected it to be at least like 3 and 1/2K,
552|>> you know? It's just like 3x more to the bottom line every sale. >> And you're now just having to sell like I don't know backing up like 20 of them a month to get up to where you're looking to go versus having to sell like 60 of them a month.
562|>> Yeah. we wanted to switch it over to a a subscription model, but with me like I've always been resistant to that because I like my freedom and I feel like setting up a subscription model
574|creates more expectancy from the community. You know, they like if they're paying 3K a year, then I think that the expectation rises much more. Like to me it felt a lot more freeing to just put out content like once and then
586|you know evergreen show show my whole system in every software onetime payment and then I kind of just update and do whatever I want in this in in the
596|community when I want I feel like I tend to kind of try to avoid like added pressure to my life and >> and just a couple things just to jam with you right first off yeah you would grandfather in all the old people which
606|is great so then like when you're selling it as this awesome community of creatives yeah there's a community of creatives >> like you have this awesome pool of people that you've built up over the last years that are already jamming, feeling good, all that. This also like
616|technically from my standpoint isn't like a subscription. Initially, you're just selling like, okay, 12 months >> for 1 and a2k, 3 and 1 halfk, whatever. Like, it's just that >> and whatever you know you're going to do
626|this year, you're just kind of listing that as like this is what I can commit to this year, which is kind of already, I'm sure, how you think about it, you know, like you know, generally I'm sure what you're going to commit to
636|>> in 2026 or colder. I'm sure it's a little bit amorphous, but generally you kind of >> Yeah. I mean right now it's doing the my year contest which is something we do every January at the start of the year in person kind of vibe right
646|>> it's just a contest where people can submit a video where they tell the story of their year so it would be of the 2025 year >> we choose winners they win different
656|prizes the main prize has always been a trip with me >> so as you're looking at this stuff so far like does any kind of questions come up >> I'm confident I can you know get get it
666|to kind of speed up Q1 Q2 of 2026 once I just start to put more energy towards it and once I start to put out more of my own content, which is the plan. So, I
677|feel good about that. I'm super down to try a higher ticket price. And and I get what you're saying. I think the reality is is like I do think the value that I'm providing is worth more than 1.5K. I'm
687|on that same boat. It's just always been like this difficult decision because I want to help my community and and support them and make it more accessible. A couple ways to think about
698|this is to draw something out, right? Sometimes when I think about structuring these, right? Let's just say you have your low ticket, you have your high, and then your super, right? So,
710|here for you, let's just say this was 3K >> all access. Yeah. Okay. >> Yeah. Let's just let's just for Rebecca and stuff, this isn't real. >> Yeah. >> They're going to get the contest. They're going to get the community.
722|Personally, if I were you, I would do their purchasing under this model. Mhm. >> Do you have any ability to look at how many people go through the actual curriculum by any chance? >> Yeah. Yeah. It's surprising how a lot of
733|people don't >> for sure. >> And that's that's ubiquitous across every product, right? People buy [\h__\h] and they're not even mostly joining for that. Like the number one thing will be this. The number two thing is this. And
745|I think in your case, yeah, the number three is contest. And then the fourth is like >> the course. >> Okay. Cool. No. Yeah. Just double checking what you call it. I say this to show you number one like this doesn't
756|matter that that much. >> Yeah. Like update like we put our brands behind these things. So it matters in terms of like we want to be in integrity and quality and elevated design. You want to make sure it matches the colder brand and all that good stuff, right?
767|But if people are signing up like from the data I know, yeah, that's like great and awesome. Can there be any access to Sam >> in any way? Yeah. >> Right. Keep in mind too like as you're
777|bringing up like oh the competition all this. I don't think there's any [\h__\h] competition if I'm being honest cuz the kind of people that would come through for something like this. It's like I want to hang with Sam and learn from
787|Sam. The kind of people that would follow Sam, which is like a highly created group of fellow like elite creators that are really looking to stretch themselves and travel the world and be adventurous but super [\h__\h]
798|creative and all that good stuff. Like it's a certain kind of psychographic that you attract that whoever the next person is is not going to attract that exact person and like they're only this is the only community where they get access to you. Mhm.
808|>> How many people are in it right now? Back a napkin. >> Uh over 4,000. >> Wa [\h__\h] Okay, that's amazing. >> That's like going to be a huge selling point then for these people is like the way that I see it is like say you're to
818|do a low ticket thing. Let's just say it's a $500 thing just to name a number. >> Yeah. >> What I would typically do is just take a piece of this course and just that is the low ticket like appetizer.
829|>> Yeah. >> So once you've completed this, you've completed this. >> It's not new work. >> Yeah. >> It's like Yeah. I mean, you just have to put up a landing page or and there's a don't purchase tag here, but we're not
839|talking anything insane here. Typically, when you do this, what you would do is you'd give away the thing. And then in a couple of the emails afterwards, as well as within this curriculum, I would have
849|a quick video from you that's more just like off the cuff. It doesn't need to be a like a crazy professional video. Just more like a, hey, by the way, I've got this thing. If you enjoyed this, you
859|should maybe come check this out. >> Yeah. >> Like here's even this discount. Like you can apply the $799 if you want to this. Okay. >> So, it's only 24,400. And then this, if you ever were to do something like this,
869|let's just say you had a just to name a number, a 30K thing. This would just be they would get access to all of this stuff. Typically, all you do is there's just added access and potentially again
880|the things that people typically do is like some sort of event or experience or whatever. >> Mhm. >> So, as an example, you could be like maybe you only have five spots in this and just these people on a quarterly
890|basis get like their own call. There's just five of them. >> Yeah. The main reason I just wanted to show you this is because I didn't know this when I was getting going. And it's kind of like once you have the high ticket thing dialed in, this is a joke.
902|And if you wanted to do something like this, it's just these two variables. >> Mhm. I guess where my mind is going when you're when you're telling me all this is so sometimes I'm just like I don't even feel like I'm like educated on
913|what's like what's what are the newest things happening in the industry this and that. Like cuz it's it's not actually sometimes what most interests me, you know? like that and DM
924|>> just to go off that perspect and that would keep on buying or whatever again they're coming for you like who you actually are.
935|When you think about going and winning a category and being the best of the best in your space, it doesn't come from going and trying to fix your weaknesses. It typically comes from leaning into
945|your strengths. When I look at Sam, one of his most unfair advantages is the fact it's [\h__\h] Sam Cer. This guy's been putting in the work, traveling the world, worked with everyone from the
955|Chain Smokers to, you know, epic trips around Jordan, drone flying, you name it, right? And millions of creatives respect this guy. You know, he's the goat. His unfair advantage as he
965|goes and builds this offer is to just get out there, right? And serve these people. Whether it's once a month, once a quarter, these people just want to get to know Sam. You know, when I think about Founder OS as an example, one of
976|the biggest unfair advantages that we have there is the fact that I've been building tasteful media companies for the last 20 years. And so oftentimes people just want to get in front of me, have proximity to me, be
987|able to message me whenever they want, be able to get on calls with me where I'm chopping it up on the team, the systems, the aesthetics, and the overall approach we take to building, you know,
997|amazing, beautiful, systemized personal brands. You know, when you're going and building your offer, it's important to go and figure out what are your unfair advantages and go and maximize those to the greatest extent
1008|possible. We're going to dive into that here in this next clip. Let's talk about like the platforms when you think about scaling it up. Like which platforms are you looking to kind of get going and
1018|kind of keep on ripping to kind of drive people to Colder Creative? Like what do we have in play? >> The Colder Creative Instagram account and then my own Instagram account. >> Okay. in terms of like frequency like
1030|how do you see that in terms of what's what you can commit to for these things what are the kinds of content you're putting out there >> with KC carousels informative carousels
1040|>> two times per week carousel right >> or just like any kind of post >> okay cool two two times per week and then on your own IG >> once every month or two months >> let's just do one time a month just to
1050|keep it simple >> let's just uh like kind of keep us honest about like numbers just to explain how I'm looking at this right now. Here you do eight posts a a month.
1060|Here you do one, right? So we're talking about nine times a month are your current like amount of bullets you're firing. Let's just say to get to let's just say back in Akin we were showing
1071|some numbers earlier like let's just say we we're trying to get seven members to the community a month, right? >> So each piece needs to be able to drive eight people. Let's just say
1082|let's get over to your different CTAs. How are you driving people from the content? What do you drive them to? >> Our website. >> And so you have, you know, the landing
1092|page for Colder Creative that they're driven to. >> Yeah, it's I guess the landing page for Colder Creative in general or just directly to the Da Vinci Resolve page. >> Cool. So it's either Colder Creative or
1103|Da Vinci. Cool. Like this is like the direct CTA option, right? where your maybe a given carousel is talking about like all these like 10 new updates that
1114|people need to know about in 2026 for Da Vinci and then like hey by the way like if you want to go and get my updated Da Vinci pack go and get it here. >> Mhm. >> I think the second thing to consider,
1124|right, is like driving these people to a free lead magnet, right? What people could do is comment say like to say it was Da Vinci as an example. They're
1135|given then like some free sort of resource in exchange for their email, right? This would all be run through many chat and now we're
1147|capturing a [\h__\h] ton of emails, right? And then nurturing people in the email and driving them over time to either or both of these, right? We don't
1157|need to just take our one shot in the post just going right to that. Now we can capture their email and then market to them over the next year or two until like they eventually whether they buy now or the Black Friday deal or whatever
1167|whenever they convert. >> Yeah. >> So I think what you want to do is like homework is just like look at these both. It looks like this is maybe a main thing right now. >> Try and just understand what that looks like. Like what are the conversion
1177|rates? So you'd it'd be good to know for piece of content you're doing. How many do we anticipate convert when we do this? And have we tried this method, right? And if we haven't, let's maybe
1187|try this like for even 30% of the post, like three times a month, just to see what happens. >> Yeah. Providing free value, capturing emails. >> Yeah. Providing free value in exchange for an email and then nurturing them in an email.
1197|>> Yeah. >> The key thing on the email side as you get that going is typically what I'll have is a 5day free like educational email course. Like over 5 days, you
1207|could go and educate people as an example like how you live your dream life. So now they're even learning like who the hell you are, how you view the world, your mission, the kind of people
1217|you help, maybe a bit of the community. And then typically there'd be like a 4-day, what I call like a FOMO series where this is all automated, by the way. So it's just like nine emails over 9
1227|days people get. And then on these four days, they're all learning about Colder Creative. And every person that signs up to the list, you know, by the end of 9 days, they know what you're about. They know your mission. They know
1237|the kind of people that you serve. They know what Colder Creative is about. They know about the community. They know about the support there. They know about the updates you just made on the Da Vinci Resolve side there and like how it's like now evolving too to be this like build your dream life type thing.
1248|And so like every [\h__\h] person that you signed up knows all of that within like 10 days of joining. You're now looking at just what's the conversion rate of people from how many people sign
1258|up from a given post and by the end of those like 9 days even how many people do we convert? I would imagine that it's like 5 to 10x [clears throat] higher than this method at least.
1268|>> Yeah. and is worth looking at because then I think in terms of like a lower frequency approach, it could just like really make sense and surpass the goals that you have and just be like a beautiful sustainable way of doing it.
1279|And then the email side, I think like I don't know whether it was like between one to four times a month having just like some sort of newsletter that goes out to people and again I think someone on your team could make that. Yeah.
1290|>> I don't I think it's just like a general update on like what's going on in the community. Like the community I'm sure it's pretty active I assume. Decent. >> Decent. Yeah. >> Cool. people who I share like cool [\h__\h] every now and then on it like so it's like even just like little roundups of
1301|like what stuff's randomly interesting to you what products are you doing where are you in the world what's going on in the community what are they sharing was there a cool post that week that you want to share like just simple [\h__\h] and then people are like oh [\h__\h] what's this
1311|it's like it's from the community it's like oh I'm going to go and join it you just have this like steady trickle of people that are just getting these emails one other thing that you can like I think is a low hanging fruit for you
1321|to consider whether you want to call it workshop master class jam session whatever once you get Casey like all updated, right? And you're feeling good about it. You're like, "All right, I'm
1331|ready to turn on the dial." Like Q1, you've locked in. Q2, you're ready to go big with it or whenever. >> Yeah. >> Is having just like a free live event that you do for like an hour and a half. >> Yeah. >> Super chill. Doesn't need to be some
1342|like insane sales thing. It's just people come in, you tell them a bit about what you've been up to, where you've been going. People are going to be like really excited to like hang out for a sec. Chop it up on like a few things that like you've maybe been
1352|learning over the last bit that you thought would be values to them. And then chop it up. do a bit of Q&A and at the end let them know, hey, we've got Casey all updated now. >> I'm just going to give you guys a bit of
1362|background on what we've been working on and then give people on that say 25% off. >> Mhm. >> We've done that one time. I've done a live or like a workshop once it was like open to the public and and it converted
1372|well. >> Yeah. So, typically do really well. >> Yeah. in terms of like the like kind of like focus of like next steps. First thing I would look at is like the pricing side of things, it's always like
1383|the lowest hanging fruit way to kind of get to what you're looking to do. Second would be to like just like update the positioning. Third, update the actual offer
1394|specifically like you have that Da Vinci part you said you're updating. And then fourth, just making sure that the CTAs are dialed in around the content. And then fifth, considering like the
1405|workshop side, that to me feels like the 8020 of like getting to where you're looking to go. >> Cool. Yeah. I mean, these are all things I'm excited to to do in 2026.
1416|>> Cool. We can leave it there. And uh yeah, along the way, too, obviously just a WhatsApp message away. So, here to support you and uh yeah, appreciate you making time for this. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Thank you.
1426|>> Cool. >> This has been awesome. >> Thanks, dude. Appreciate it. >> Appreciate you. >> All righty. So, if you enjoyed this session with Sam, you would love this next one with my good friend Alex Icon. He's the founder of FiveMinute Journal.
1436|We chop it up deeply on his infrastructure and how we can go and monetize his content. So, go and check out that video. I'll see you in the next one. Be sure to like and subscribe and welcome to the Founder Freedom Movement.
