1|If you want to make millions of dollars with social media, you need to master these five levels of content creation. The problem is that most people use level two tactics to try to get to level five, and they fall flat. I've published over 32,000 pieces of content
13|over the last 16 years and built audiences of over 14 million people by mastering each of these levels. Throughout this video, I'm going to be going through a bunch of different steps that you can take to get from level one
23|to five. And you can go and get a cheat sheet for this inside of my content mastery checklist via the link in the description. So go download that and follow along. Let's get into it. Level one is the wilderness.
34|This is where you find your voice by making noise. When I was 20 building my first company, Bitmaker, I started posting online with zero idea what I was doing. Sometimes I sounded like a journalist, sometimes like an
45|inspirational speaker. Sometimes like I had no idea even who I was. But this is all part of the journey. The most important part at level one is just to show up. I've been
55|there. Been stuck in perfectionism. stuck not knowing if what I was even going to put out there even mattered. Stuck not even really knowing what my voice was or what my niche was. But the truth is that this is perfectly
67|normal. I think that most people think they need to have it all figured out and then start posting online. The truth is often times that you start posting online and then you figure it out. It's
77|from the doing that you get the clarity. You need to be confident enough to go and just look cringe for a bit. confident enough to go and just start putting your first pieces of content out there and start developing what I call
88|the shipping muscle. It happens to me all the time. Nearly every piece of content, every video, I always feel like there was some piece we could have done better or some aspect that I could have made stronger. But
99|that does not stop me from just shipping the damn thing. The problem is is that most people don't even make it to level one. They let their fear, their insecurity, their perfectionism, their
109|procrastination get the best of them. And I'm here to tell you this is your opportunity to go and peer into that fear and drive right through it. So what do you need to do today? I
120|want you to start building up your 30day streak. 30 days of posting consistent content. That's it. We don't need to make perfect content. We don't need to grow an audience to 10,000 people. We
130|just need to develop that shipping muscle today. And stop with the excuses. Stop with the limiting beliefs. Don't worry about your mood, right? Just stick to the plan. Your only goal at level one
140|is to go from silent to visible. Now, the goal here is not to go viral. It's to start putting yourself out there and gradually find your voice. Level two is the hamster wheel. When I first
150|committed to X 5 years ago, I had no idea what I was doing. I had no editors. I had no social media manager to start with, and it was just me out there in the wild posting some stuff. I was just
161|figuring it out as I went. Now, on the great side of things, I was consistent, and I never missed a day. I had developed that shipping muscle. It's at this stage, right, that you start to get
172|on a bit of a hamster wheel. And that's completely normal. You don't really have any systems in place. You're new to this thing. And what's inevitably going to happen is the creator dip. You have that initial piece of excitement right in
183|level one, and now you're into level two, and you start realizing the work that's involved here. And this is where 90% of creators give up. Google's 7-Eleven rule says you need 7 hours of
193|content across 11 touch points in four different locations to build trust with someone. So, at this stage, you're just racking up that trust. If you find that some of your excitement starts
204|to wne, just remember, right, this is all part of the journey. The things you want to start taking note of are in those moments where you're feeling some cognitive dissonance, some frustration, elements that you're like, "Oh, I think this could be better." Make note of
215|those areas. These are going to be areas that we're going to want to systemize. we're going to want to get ready to go and delegate these areas so that long-term we're not just building content for 3 months, right? That we've got a sustainable system for 3
226|years. So, your big challenge here, okay, is don't go and try to be on all platforms all at once. Inevitably, as you're growing at level two, the key thing is to develop depth,
238|not just breadth. I want you to choose one platform, choose one format, and go deep. What platform are you going to focus on? what's going to be your one core format and go deep
249|and start developing your systems around that core thing. The benefit here is that you're going to be able to focus. That focus is going to lead to mastery and it's also going to allow you to be known for one thing because you're
260|the world's best at it in your given niche. Make sure that you keep on posting daily because truthfully, your growth across the platforms depends on it. The reality is is that building a
270|business is hard, creating content is hard, growing a team is hard. But you know what's a lot harder? Giving up, stopping something you know you should be doing for 3 months, 5 months, and
281|then in 5 months from now having to start from scratch again. I can promise you that that regret that you'll feel is a thousand times harder than giving up. Level three is the platform
291|master. When I first started my personal brand 5 years ago, X was my dojo. I studied the different creators on the platform. I studied the different formats. X being this Olympics of
301|copywriting, I knew that I'd have to really understand the game to do well because it's not enough just to have great ideas on any of these platforms. You need to know how to actually package
311|those ideas. You need to be a student of the game. My mindset here in your mindset when you're at level three should be around mastery. It's not about the followers or the engagement or even
322|the dollars at this point. It's all around can I be the best possible writer in my area? If you can nail that, the score takes care of itself. One thing to
332|think about too is as you start going and putting yourself out there, you want to understand your own signature format. So from going deep on one platform and one format, you continuously refine things. What I started to learn on X was
343|it was these long form X posts combined with great imagery as well as great video clips that started allowing me to go and stand out as this triple threat. Sure enough, this helped me grow on X to
354|over 180,000 followers in my first year. I went from virtually unknown to one of the top 10 creators on the entire platform. Now, when people started thinking about systems, they thought
365|about me. It was from all of these reps that I developed a ton of growth. And the beautiful thing is that from the depth on one platform, it's not like all that content goes to waste.
375|Truthfully, through the content waterfall system, which is a system that I use to go and repurpose my content and maximize my effort, I was then able to go and take that exact content on X and
386|bring that to LinkedIn long form as well as Instagram carousels and start growing from nothing to over 400,000 people organically on LinkedIn and from virtually unknown to over 600,000 people
397|on Instagram. This is the power of depth and this is the power of developing that mastery mindset. Now the point of this level is that if you can understand if you can be the best in
408|your craft, right? The best in your format on one platform, you can make millions of dollars. You're going to be able to capture all of this attention and then effectively drive it
418|to monetization leveraging what I call the content GPS. This is the most powerful system for going and being able to drive people from your rented audience across social media to your
429|owned audience in an email list and then monetizing these people to your product or service through effective CTAs. If you're looking to go and get my help directly going and installing a
439|content GPS in your business, you should definitely go and apply to Founder OS via the link in the description. We'll get on a 15-minute call, understand the one system that's currently keeping you stuck from growing on the given level you're at, and then
450|we'll see how we can help. So go book the call and look forward to connecting. So your goal really at this level is to go and pick one platform and study the top 20 creators on it. From there, you're going to want to go and study the
461|different formats, the different posting times, and all of the details. Right? Your goal here is to be a student of the game. I think it's this mindset that allow you to set yourself
471|apart from there. Every single day with every piece of content, you should be aiming to get 10% better. That could be getting better hooks, better value, better rhythm, better copy. With video, if you choose there, it should be better
482|lighting, better sound, better scripting, better titles, better thumbnails, you name it. There's probably about 10 core variables that will allow you to keep on getting 10% better. And over 100 piece of
492|content, that math is undeniable. It's 13,800 times better by the 100th piece of content you put out. And that is the magic of compounding. And that's the bet
502|you're making at this level. The next level is where creators either scale or die, the personal media company. When Founder OS started taking off, content went from being something on the side to
512|being a full-time job. And I knew that if I wanted to go and build the vision that I had for the company, something would need to change. You need to shift at this level from just a creator doing everything yourself to a
524|content CEO, someone that has the right strategists, editors, writers to make sure that you're actually going and building a company because this is where
534|most creators fail. A ton of successful creators will go, they'll get going, and before you know it, they're editing, they're writing, they're shipping, they're filming, and while it all looks successful from the outside,
544|suddenly, you know, that YouTube creator that you've been following or that ex creator you've been following suddenly just goes dark. This is creator burnout 101. And let me tell you here, as a
554|founder brand, where you're both one part a founder and one part a creator, you essentially double your risk of burnout. It's a real [\h__\h] thing. and you have to go and be
566|proactive about preventing it. So, what can you do at this stage to be proactive? Across the first three levels, you started to notice a lot of areas where you probably were getting some cognitive burnout, whether it was
577|going and shipping the piece of content each time or filming it. And you want to start asking yourself, how can I make this easier? What would it look like to make this more fun? We want to go from how do I do this and how do I do that to
589|who do I need to bring on to help me? You're probably thinking, well, how do I go and afford all these people? This is why it's important to also have a scalable offer behind all your content.
600|Too many creators are focused on ads. And the truth is that ads is not going to make you rich. Ads is likely not going to get you to your millions. YouTube ads are nice and all, but even at the level I'm at, I think I make
611|around $3,000 a month from ads, and I can tell you that ain't going to pay my team. So, the core thing here is that you need to go and make sure that you actually own your own offer. I don't
621|really care what your model is. Choose the thing that's in your zone of brilliance, the thing that you love, that you know your audience is going to buy, and that you can see yourself spending the next 10 years of your life
631|on. And then start refining and selling that thing. Now, I get it, right? Sometimes it can feel like you're spinning plates. You're growing your audience. You're building this community and you've got a product to sell. The beautiful thing here though is
641|that when you have a good margin on your product, you're able to start reinvesting those profits into your people, into the process, and into your own peace of mind. It's from those
652|profits you're able to start building this personal media company. Along the way, too, when you actually think about the content creation process, you want to be thinking about how can I make this way more simple and enjoyable. We all
664|know, right, from those of you that start creating, creating is a ton of work. Running a company is a lot of work. You need to be meticulous about
674|going and writing out every single thing that you're currently doing and then going and building systems for each of these things and delegating every single thing that you can. So, you need to make
684|sure you have the right people, process, and systems in place to make this all a lot more sustainable. And let me tell you, it is possible. I help thousands of founders build systemized founder brands
695|and remove themselves from operations. This ain't easy, but there is a simple system and series of processes that you can put in place so that it's enjoyable, it's fun, and you can do it
706|long term, right? Because like any great thing in life, it's over the long term that the real returns happening. And so, what's most important is that you don't give up and you have the right systems
717|and support in place so you can play the game long term. If you're interested in getting my help, actually rolling up my sleeves and helping you with your business and your founder brand. In
727|addition to that, booking calls with me every other week and being able to text me anytime you need help is exactly what we do inside a founder OS. You get support from me, my entire seuite, my
737|whole media company and team over 50 live sessions a month, not to mention an epic community of other founders that are all scaling their brands. So, if this is interesting, should definitely go and book a call via the link in the
748|description and we'll see you there. So, there's two main action steps at this level that I'm just going to distill to make it super simple for you. Number one is that you want to go and hire your first key team member. I want
759|this person to be absolutely [\h__\h] cracked. Okay? We do not have time to go and make that first hire a B player. You need to go and find someone that is an absolute [\h__\h] beast. This
770|is an example of someone that yes, they're a [\h__\h] unicorn. It may be really difficult to find, but when you find this person, you're going to get the leverage you need to go and scale to
780|level five. And so I want to encourage you to hire that first person, but be patient enough to say no to 10 people, to say hell yes to that one person that hits that high bar of
790|quality. The second piece here is to make sure that you're getting at least 3 hours of founder flow every single morning. Founder flow is the time that you have to work on the stuff that only
800|you can do. You have two forms of time according to Paul Graham, the founder of Y Combinator. You have manager time and maker time. And what's likely happening at this level is that you're
811|doing a ton of manager time, but the first thing that starts getting cut is that maker time. And let me tell you, it's more important than ever. This is your time to go and develop a profitable
821|offer. This is the time to start scaling that infrastructure in your systems. And it's the time that you need to start getting support from mentors and other adviserss. Make sure that you're getting that every single day. You know, for me,
833|I block off my calendar from 7:00 a.m. till 11:00 a.m. And this is the one critical function that I do every single day that I would say is responsible for about 90% of my success. So, I
844|want you to go right now, like literally right now, and I want you to go and block off your 4 hours of Founder Flow today. Now, this is the final level, and it is so [\h__\h] hard that most creators
855|never reach it. But I'm going to give you the cheat code here. You know, this is not about entertainment. It's about infrastructure. It's about being omniresent. At this stage, you're likely going on all the platforms. And so the
867|key thing here, right, is making sure that you have that CEO mindset. I think at this part, you're one part an architect and one part an investor. On the architect side, you're making sure
878|that you're working on the business and you're removed from the ops so you can continue to refine the machine. On the investor side, you're very much a capital allocator. you're constantly thinking about who do I need to go and
889|bring on the team and what is the return on investment from bringing this person on. If you can go and hire a social media manager that's going to go and relieve you of 20 hours a week of
899|your time and that's going to then free you up to go and make an extra 80k a month in profit, well, the return from that 8K higher is likely 10x ROI. It's these kinds of bets you need to be very
910|confident in making. Another thing that's going to come up here, right, is as a team gets bigger, one thing you need to focus on is decision velocity. You know, you can't be that small-minded
920|creator that's just making decisions super slow when you know, if you're trying to move fast, you got to be able to pull the trigger. You're going to have to quickly be able to refine your judgment and make the call. So, at this
931|stage too, right, aside from all the systems, the infrastructure, that architecture, you also got to focus on your own health. You know, it's your health that's going to allow you to build a healthy business. For me, you
941|know, I focus on doing yoga four times a week, lifting a few times a week. My diet is always dialed in and I'm making sure I'm getting at least eight hours of sleep every night. It's all of those details on the health side as
952|well that will help you stay in the game. And the truth is that I think as I grow more on these platforms, I think of myself as one part founder and then one part athlete. And the reason is is that the more I can kind of
963|just uplevel myself, I'm able to bring that energy back to the team. I'm able to bring that energy back to the content because at this stage too, your content is this transmission. For
973|you guys, what I'm always focused on, right, is a certain psychoraphic. The kind of person that's looking to build a company that they love, have an amazing life, be able to control where they work, when they work,
983|who they work with, and what they work on. And they want to be surrounded by a community of people they genuinely love, and have the freedom to do whatever the [\h__\h] they want with their lives. It's this kind of targeting of that core
994|identity that has allowed me to build a movement around Founder OS. And that's what we're really after here. Now, when you're going and marketing to someone's core identity, there's a benefit to you and there's a benefit to
1004|them. Okay? The benefit to you is you're going to build an audience of people that you actually love to hang out with. Not to mention too, when you go and put out something, an opportunity, a new business that they can get involved in,
1015|it's this opportunity to go and build a lineup around the corner of people that are already persuaded to what you're doing because you've built such a valuable brand. Organic content and
1026|building at this level of mastery is going to make you a category king or queen in your niche. I think that most content when it's insanely strong, it spreads like a virus. Bit by bit, people
1037|are going and hanging out with one another and it just continues to spread. Your message, your, you know, method, your different mechanisms and the overall mission of what you're doing are all now traveling without you doing a
1048|thing. So, don't make the mistakes that a lot of people make at this stage. Don't fail to build a newsletter. Don't fail to refine your offer. Don't fail to not surround yourself with the right community and with the right advisers
1059|and mentors because the truth is, you need all the support you can get along the way. Again, make sure that you're building the right infrastructure and take pride in being the architect, the athlete, and the
1071|investor. If you enjoyed this video, you should definitely go and check out the content mastery checklist via the link in the description. I want to go and help you get from level one to level 5 seamlessly so you can enjoy the journey
1081|and go from creator to CEO. Along the way, if you want my help going and implementing these systems, you should definitely go and book a call with my team via the link in the description. We'll get on a call, learn
1091|what level you're at, and help you unlock that next stage of growth. Thanks so much for watching. If you want to go and learn how I built an audience of 14 million people over the last 16 years, you should go and check out this next video. Be sure to like and
1102|subscribe and let's win
