5|At 21, my first business was raided by the government. At 24, I sold that business for a life-changing sum. 25, I started my second business out of a van in New Zealand. And 3 years ago, I started the business of my dreams.
23|And now, well, get to travel, work from anywhere, and the Italian Doommites. This place is like a movie. I thought I'd just pull over from a mountain
33|biking journey to share a few stories, few lessons, lots of mistakes so you guys can learn from the last 15 years of trial, error, learning, and
46|everything in between. Let's get into it. Let's rewind 15 years ago. I started my first business, Bitmaker, basically by mistake. It was me and a few friends smoking some weed and we came up with
57|this idea of creating a technology boot camp and training people that really had no skills at all in giving them the skill of being able to go and code online. We teach them skills like
67|JavaScript, Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS over the course of a 9-week intensive boot camp and then go and get them jobs at the top tech companies across Canada. Companies like Shopify, Google,
77|Facebook, Hootsweet, you name it. So the company was a big success. Things look good. The truth was though along the journey I had no idea what I was doing. I made just about every mistake in the
88|book. Now probably the biggest mistake I made when building that business was that I had no criteria. I was grateful to finally be starting my first business, but I also didn't have much of
98|a criteria for what I was really looking for in a business. Now that I look back, I know that things like, you know, no co-founders, uh, being able to do work that feels like play, being able to love
109|the customer, you know, be able to build something in 3 months or less. These are things that are important to me and what I built. But back then, you know, I just fell into something. And while it was an amazing experience, you know, along the
119|way, I just found myself doing a bunch of stuff that I really hated and found myself basically running a business that at times felt like a prison. I also was stuck in Toronto, you know, cold winters, working in an office. I really
132|didn't have much freedom, which was the whole reason I got into business in the first place. You know, to be able to work from anywhere on anything with anyone. But this was anything but that.
143|You know, one day my chief of staff ran back to me in the back office of this technology school we were building and said, "Matt, you know, there's a couple people at the door. They want to talk to you. It doesn't look good." I was like, "What the hell's going on?" There's
154|these two enforcement agents from the government and they told me, you know, "Hey, are you the person running this?" I was like, "Yeah, you know, what's up?" Well, it turns out, you know, they had seen an article of me in the Globe Mail
164|and they thought we were operating an unregistered private career college. Basically, they thought we were a university, which is crazy because we weren't giving grades out. We were simply just giving people skills. They did not give a [\h__\h] They told me that I
175|had one month left. I was probably going to court. I was going to be put in jail for a year and the business and me would be fined a million dollars each. I like felt my life flash before my eyes. You
185|know, here I was creating this business that was altruistic, having a big benefit, helping not just the Toronto tech ecosystem, but helping people's lives all across Canada. You know, we had trained around 800 engineers at this
196|point. Everything was rocking and rolling. I thought we were good. So, I had to go to this, you know, group of students we had in the classroom and let them know that we'd have to shut down the business for a week because even
206|having our website up constituted us operating a college basically and the government would find us $10,000 every single day. And so I told these students, "Listen, you give us just one
216|week whenever I've had my back up against the wall in life, I've always found a way out of this situation." That night, I stayed up for, you know, about 48 hours straight and emailed over 3,000
226|people. Before you know it, it was trending on Twitter across Canada, and people were wondering, "What the hell is going on? Why is the government shutting down this kind of business?" Emailing these 3,000 people, you know, honestly,
236|this didn't feel natural. This was pure survival. I knew that if I didn't get as many people as humanly possible to know what the hell was going on, I was screwed. It was kind of this like David
247|and Goliath moment. And so I figured, well, hey, if I'm going to go and try and defeat this giant, I need to go and build an army. And sure enough, emailing 3,000 people did just that. It built
258|this army of people that also believe that what I was building was worth saving. People like Paul Graham, Venode Kosla, Chamath, Poly Hapatia who built
268|Facebook from a million to a billion users were like, "What the hell is going on?" Well, I had seen this tweet from Chimath going basically like, "What the [\h__\h] Why are they shutting this down?" And I noticed he was at a conference about 3 hours away from where I lived.
279|And so I emailed him and he said, you know, "Hey Matt, meet me at this conference." So ended up meeting Chamath at this conference. So I told him the story of how the government was shutting us down and his reaction was like, "This is complete [\h__\h] I can't believe
290|I've invested $25 million in the Canadian tech ecosystem and this is how they're treating entrepreneurs. He told me to give this guy Noble a call. I didn't know who Noble was, but that day
300|gave Noble a call and he told me, you know, give me 48 hours. We'll get this fixed. The next day, I was on the phone with the Minister of Training Colleges and Universities, Brad Doo Good, in Canada. He told me, you know, sorry, I
310|can't believe you're going through this. We'll get this sorted. 48 hours later, we were given the only exemption for a business of its kind in Canada. And we ended up operating that business for another year and a half. and exiting it
320|for a life-changing sum to general assembly. Pretty insane situation, you know, to have to deal with at 21. You know, the government raiding your business. It's definitely not what I had on my bingo card when I was beginning
330|that business. First off, it taught me a lot about my own medal and my own ability to find a way through any situation, no matter what I was put in front of. In this case, it was jail time, being fined millions of dollars.
341|And, you know, I was able to go and step up to the plate and get over this battle. It really cemented for me the importance of community. And we wouldn't have been able to get over this crazy situation if it wasn't for all the
352|people in the community, not just in Toronto, but all over North America that saw the story online, shared it with their friends, spoke up, and sure enough, changed public opinion, changed the government's opinion on how they
363|were treating us. You know, at that time, I just whipped up this email list, which was every single person that I had met over the previous 2 years building the business, and just one by one emailed them. But today when I build
373|businesses, a big thing that I do, whether it's operating Herb or you know operating Founder OS is making sure there's an actual email list that we're constantly growing to the point where Herb has over 2 and a half million
384|emails and Founder OS has close to 200,000. And so the lesson there is to really own your audience because you really never know when it may come in handy. BitMaker ended up being a great success.
396|You know, we're able to exit it, but I knew, you know, I still had a lot more building in me. You know, I was 23 years old and at this point, you know, I knew I wanted to build my next thing based on freedom, but honestly, I had no idea
406|what I wanted to build. And the more I thought about what I wanted to do, honestly, the more I just got confused. And so, what I ended up telling myself was that similar to how I just emailed a bunch of people and that solved all my
416|problems building BitMaker, that I would just go and email 400 people. You know, I emailed for jobs at Uber and Pinterest all the way to someone just building a business from their garage and really
427|everything in between. And I told myself if I just started having conversations with people, maybe from those conversations I discover the right opportunity for me. And so one of the emails I had sent was to a best-selling
437|author named Tucker Max who then introduced me to a guy who introduced me to a guy. And these were a couple guys building a cannabis recipe site in New Zealand called the Stoner's Cookbook. I
447|became pretty fascinated by the concept, the idea, and the vision for where cannabis was going over the next 20 years and figured [\h__\h] it. you know, why don't I just go fly out to New Zealand, go backpack with these guys, travel for
458|a while, and maybe there's an opportunity to get more involved, even potentially purchase this website off them. You know, it kind of makes me think that over the last 15 years of my life, I think two words really defined a
468|lot of my most important decisions I've ever made. [\h__\h] it. And so, this was a cannabis recipe site where people could go and submit recipes, almost like a Reddit, and people could learn how to go and cook cannabis recipes globally. It
479|turned out that these guys, they didn't want to be running this business long term. They viewed it more as like a hobby website. And I ended up buying the business off them for six figures. And I had a bigger vision for what it would
489|become. You know, I knew that, you know, cannabis was likely to legalize globally over the next two decades. And there needed to be a more tasteful, authentic, beautiful brand that existed for everyday cannabis consumers because
500|cannabis consumers in many cases are no different than like coffee lovers. And so, sure enough, I bought the site. I rebranded it to Herb and we transformed it into this hub for cannabis culture,
510|for people to find the best products and brands for them and for people to learn a bunch of information, how-tos around cannabis. We built it from an audience of over 100,000 people now to over 14
520|million people, a team of 27 people. You know, I still am the founder and CEO of it operates on autopilot with automations all through it and amazing team members that allow me to go and
530|travel to amazing places like this all while it just runs itself. Probably one of the bigger mistakes I made with Herb is for the first four years I had a real
540|focus on outcomes over processes. I was constantly, you know, focused on, you know, can I sell this business for $100 million? You know, can this business make $20 million a year? And if it
550|didn't, every moment that it wasn't achieving those goals, I was miserable, depressed, also just a brutal person to be around. I eventually, after, you know, hitting rock bottom, uh, you know,
561|we had received two offers for the company for $50 million. And this was in the heyday of cannabis probably around maybe 7 years ago. I ended up calling up an adviser, Harley Finkelstein from Shopify. And he told me, you know what?
572|Just put on blinders. Don't even look at these. And so sure enough, you know, after talking to a few other people, I kind of didn't even look at the offers. I just took the advice and I just kept on building, thinking, you know, there's a clear sight of this business being a
583|billion-dollar company or more, I should just ignore these offers right now. Crazy thing happened. Few months later, the cannabis industry went cold as hell. Everything dropped off a cliff. We had
593|overhired. We had overestimated how frothy this market would be. And we had to slim down the team. And day after day, it just felt like hell. I remember
603|sitting lying in bed just thinking, "Oh my god, why did I not accept those offers?" Now, I realized I'd gotten so lost in the business, so focused on the
613|hustle of it. Also just lost at the reason why I had really started it that when I look back, I was just so confused, so in the middle of it. At that point, I knew I had to change the way I was building. You know, this
624|outcome focused, it was doing me no good, right? All it was leaving me was feeling miserable, down, depressed, and had me wanting to quit every single day. So, I realized I had to find a way to
634|fall in love with the process of building this business. How could I make every day amazing? And around that time was when I had randomly watched this documentary with Carl Icon, you know,
644|the famous financer, probably the 10th richest guy in America. And what I realized after watching this jolly old fellow was that he has this portfolio of companies that he operates and he's at
654|the top building icon enterprises and views himself more as a portfolio manager versus an entrepreneur. And I've started to think what if I change my perspective on this and instead of going
664|and just being an entrepreneur actually am an investor with a portfolio companies. I started to think about, well, okay, obviously as I build this portfolio of businesses, you know, Herb, Founder OS, my investments, and anything
676|else I start over the next 50 years of my life, all of these businesses, they're going to need awareness. They're going to need traffic. They're going to need a brand, obviously, and I'm going to want to build a community and a
686|movement behind them. And so, while I may sell off each one of these businesses at some point between now and the next 30 years, the cool thing was that I realized that having a personal brand would be something that I would
698|own for the rest of my life. It's like this appreciating asset that just keeps building value, paying you dividends over time. And I really think that building a personal brand is the most
708|valuable asset you can possibly build. you start to realize like, wow, some of the most powerful entrepreneurs out there, they built their brand and that brand over time actually helped propel a lot of their businesses. And so I
718|figured if I'm in this for the long haul and everything I do, I think super long term, it just seemed to make sense to get started even at zero just to get going because when I looked at the future, there was this thesis that I had
729|in my mind, which is that people are going to follow people and then they're going to follow brands and that the most powerful businesses of the future will be run by entrepreneurs that actually are building their own brand. And so I
739|started building mine in a systemized, beautiful, tasteful way that wasn't like other people I'd seen out there. It was my way around my interests, my design, my way of doing things that would be a
749|little bit different, sort of like this. And so at that point, it gave me the vision to, you know, hey, herb is great, but what if I could operate many businesses? And this was just one of the cash cows that I went and built. So I
760|started falling in love with the process of building systems. The process of putting the right team members and systems owners in charge of owning different aspects of the business and getting back my time. Sure enough,
771|focusing on this process allowed me to develop a lot of mastery in building systems and removing myself from operations without everything falling apart. I was able to build a lean mean team. You know, the business ended up
782|tripling. You know, our audience doubled. More importantly though, I was happier than ever. I was finally enjoying this business that for a few years had felt honestly like hell. Along the way, I, you know, really started
794|learning the lesson of just falling in love with the craftsmanship behind a brand. Falling in love with the process of mastery. You know, for me, you know, I love things like building systems, you know, traveling, building automations,
805|design, branding, curating. Somewhere along the way, I discovered one of the most powerful systems ever, which is called the icky guy system. you know, really finding the intersection of what
816|I love, what I can be paid to do, what the world needs, and what I'm great at. And what I started to see at the intersection of those four areas were things like automating businesses, building distribution from day one,
826|coaching founders, being in nature, hiking, exploring, traveling to badass places. And I started to think, okay, well, this first portfolio company that I owned right now called Herb was great.
837|Right now it's on autopilot. We're good. It's this autonomous empire that runs itself. And it was time for me to go and build the next mountain, build the next business, something that was more dialed around my calling in life. And that was
848|the genesis of Founder OS. Founder OS is really this amazing community of founders that are all focused on helping one another build founder-ledd brands. You know, founder brand is one part
859|founder, one part creator. And the intersection of that is where I think the future of entrepreneurship is going. I think that people follow people and then they follow brands. And founder OS is built with that as like the thesis
870|for what we're doing. And I was able to take all of my amazing learnings over the last 12 years of building businesses and use all that culmination of the pain, the agony, the mistakes, all of
880|it, and use that as the genesis for something that would go on to help 10,000 plus founders build their brands and be able to build it off of actual systems. Through building this business,
890|what I've really been able to lean into is becoming a systemized founder. You know, I didn't realize it at the time, but after talking to different friends, talking to different founders, I was able to discover what one of my core
900|strengths was in life. You know, it was building systems. To me, it felt like that was just the only way to build companies. But for many other people, I see tons and tons of founders doing it the hard way. You know, finding
910|themselves working on the same old thing every single day, dredging through the days, working on stuff that's heavy lifting and not automating things, not delegating things correctly, and not just eliminating the stuff that's
920|probably just a complete waste of time. What I really help founders with is becoming systemized leverage founders. Building businesses that are anti-fragile that they can choose to either build that business large and
930|have fun. They can remove themselves from the operations of it and just travel and enjoy life or they have a business that's completely systemized that they can go and sell and move on to
940|the next thing. And so systems really give you freedom. I think freedom is a founders's optionality. Knowing that, you know, you can keep on working on what you love. You can travel. You can work from anywhere. you can do anything
950|knowing that you've built this systemized empire. My favorite part of Founder OS is working with, you know, just the talented people that we get to collab with and the founders that we get to help every single day. Again, it's a
960|business that's largely built around my passion. And I think when you're building a business like Founder OS, the biggest joy is that the deeper that I go in pursuing my own passions, the things
970|that I love, and getting really great at them, the more I'm able to actually benefit the community of founders around us. As an example, the more I go and systemize my business, powering it with
980|AI, building an agent around everything that we've built over the last 15 years and unlocking that for my own business, well, that's the same AI agent as an example we can go and unlock for founders inside of Found to help them
991|build their own brands. And so, I'm on this journey that I see as a forever journey. At this point, I'm living kind of everyday retirement, which to me stands for being able to work on stuff
1002|that even if you were retired, you would still be doing that stuff. Being able to create, being able to help others, being able to collaborate with people that I respect. And I think this is what life is all about. And so, when I look back
1013|on these last 12 years, I think there are a few things that I wish I had known. Number one is the importance of delegating. So many founders feel so
1024|alone and they have so many tasks on their plate that they want to get off it, but they find that either they do it themselves or they give it to someone else, but sure enough, they stop trusting people because anytime they
1034|delegate to it, it just falls flat and sure enough they got to roll up their sleeves and get back into it. The key thing there is having the right systems built around ideally the core 21 things
1045|in your company. You know, when you go look at the customer journey for whatever you're building, from awareness to collecting their email to being on a sales call to onboarding them to bringing them into your community to
1055|them referring their friends, you know, to invoicing them, these are say the seven core steps of your customer journey. And each of those steps likely have three different core systems, so 21
1065|total that when you get those 21 systems dialed in, you have a business now that is completely systemized and you are a systemized founder. Now, this may sound like a bunch of stuff and we can get
1075|into other details, but if you're interested in actually going and learning how to become a systemized founder, I went and put a complete blueprint together, which you can go and find in the link in the description of
1085|this video. Go check that out. It's everything that I wish I had 15 years ago when I was building my first company over 15 pages. every little bit of what it probably takes you to go and start
1096|removing yourself from more of the [\h__\h] that you hate doing and be able to lean into more stuff that actually brings you joy and fires you up. The next thing that I wish I had known is
1106|honestly the power of growing your own email list. I see so many people, they either are building on social media, making content here and there, and they have some product, but it's all
1116|disjointed. And the key thing that I experienced during BitMaker, right, was if I didn't have those 3,000 emails for those people, I would have been screwed. My life would be over. You know, I
1126|probably again would have been fined a million dollars and would have been out of it. But the fact that I had this email list legitimately helped me avoid turmoil, right? It gave me the
1136|opportunity to then go and hit up these people and be able to rally this community, rally this movement around what I was doing. And so as I've gone on in my career, you know, any business I build, the email list is everything. At
1147|Founder OS, we have a newsletter that we send out every Wednesday and Saturday. We essentially go and give people systems and stories around what I'm doing so they can go and connect with me on a deeper level and also get free
1158|systems to be able to scale their business and take it to the next level. It's an easy thing to get going. Simply just go build a landing page. Get going with a newsletter on a platform like ConvertKit, HubSpot, Substack, doesn't
1168|matter, and just start sharing some stuff weekly and collecting people's emails. Sometimes when you start it, you actually never know how it's going to benefit you down the road. And I can just tell you, doing you a favor, start
1179|an email list. The last thing that I wish id known is again the importance of having clear criteria as a founder. I think too many of us just go with the flow. And while that's really good,
1189|often times it's really important also to be super intentional with what you're building. I like to often times focus on being more of an investor than an entrepreneur. And when you're an investor, you are building a portfolio
1201|of different assets and you make sure that you have a clear thesis and criteria by which you'd go and invest in something. And so for me, when I'm going and investing in any business, investing my time, my energy, the things that are
1212|important to me are that it feels like play. I have to love the customer. It has to feel obvious that I would build something like this. It has to have a clear path of getting to $5 million in annual recurring revenue. I have to be
1222|able to build and monetize the thing in three months or less. There has to be founder product fit and founder distribution fit. And it's got to be something what I can see myself doing over the next 10 years, 20 years. And so
1234|then when I go and apply these criteria to different businesses, it becomes obvious most of the time what businesses just do not make sense for me. And that's important, right? Because often times we can find ourselves going down a
1244|path for 6 months or even a year when we really should have just said no to that thing right out the get- go. And so your criteria help you understand not just what to say hell yes to, but how to
1255|quickly say no to things that are not the right fit for you. So given everything I've just shared with you, you know, if I was to go back and, you know, tell my 21-year-old self anything, you know, I'd have a lot of probably different lessons and things to talk to
1265|Matt about, but I think the number one thing is don't worry. everything is going to work out okay. Now, at some moments I've gotten so in my own head,
1275|you know, just paralyzed at times by worry, paralyzed by a feeling like, am I ever going to amount to anything? Is this how the rest of my life is going to
1286|be? And if I was to look back and tell a younger version of myself something, I'd say, you know what, you know, just loosen your grip a little bit. You know, don't worry. It's all going to work out. You've got a good head on your shoulders. Every day you're getting 1%
1298|better and you got to just kind of be patient and let compounding work its magic. You know, I had to learn these the hard way. But, you know, here I am now getting to operate a business based on freedom, being able to work anywhere.
1310|You know, mountain bike all through the Doommites, operate on my own schedule from anywhere, serve a community of people that I love. You know, every day I feel like I'm learning, I'm growing,
1320|I'm living my life's calling. You know, I think I was put on earth here for a reason. And if you're watching this, you know, my message to you is that you don't need to settle, right? You can
1330|have exactly what you're after. And I think if you can go, you know, start systemizing where you're at, document what's most important to you in terms of your criteria and start finding, you
1341|know, your true calling in life and building something around that. I think it's something that, you know, at the end of the day, you're not going to regret that when you're 85 years old on your rocky chair. So, appreciate you
1352|watching this. Welcome to the founder freedom movement and let's win
