1|And so, here you can see I'm revisiting my vision every month, right now. 10-year goals are things like, you know, being madly in love with my wife and having an amazing family, epic road trips, simplicity, retired, just doing art every day. Um I see myself these
11|days as more of an artist than an entrepreneur. So, lots of big goals there. We're publishing the book this year, which is going to be dropped in a few months. Currently here in Lofoten and have a big little trip here to get a
22|home in Europe over the next couple of months, but then heading out to Bali for an epic founder retreat we're hosting there, and then to Japan snowboarding for the summer or the winter. So, it's some big things planned there. So, over
32|the next 90 days, we are getting this book published, continuing to, you know, manifest this home base in Europe, which is a big, big milestone. I
42|have plans near the end of the year to go to India and to, yeah, basically, it's pretty simple. Honestly, what I've learned with success is that there is one key concept I learned from the book called The Slight Edge. It's that
53|everything is a curve. It's either an upward curve or a downward curve. And obviously, as a successful person, you want to ride that upward curve. That upward curve is the combination of every decision that you make, every touch
63|point, every email, every message, every call, every move you make. And so, you want to make sure that you're making one good move after the other. Ask yourself, you know, is this one thing I'm doing right now going to help my compounding
74|in life and compound me in a great way. So, I like to ask myself things like, you know, does this support the peace in my life, the profit, the purpose? Is this the one thing I should be doing right now that will make everything else easier or unnecessary?
