4|If I was in my 20s just starting a business, this is what I wish someone would have told me. We want to build the best and biggest community of highquality filmmakers that through creating truly unique work can achieve
14|financial time and location for you. I had a chance to sit down with a couple founders here in Changangu, Bali, and it really made me think of some of the things that I used to struggle with 14 years ago when I was just getting
24|started. Trust me, like every single thing you're trying to do here will probably happen. It may take a little longer than you thought. Also, everything you've put on here is aing can of worms. I'm not even saying this to just say it, but it feels like there's a way to get off of my chest a
36|lot. So much lighter. There's so many ways to go. I got to manage myself. I got to manage different partnerships, team members, customers, and all of this feeling like it was just this cloud. Do
47|you guys want to like go hard as hell? Just build Yeah, maybe it's some insane that's really big, but like it's going to take your freaking every morsel of your being. And lastly, just a lack of
58|clarity and a feeling of overwhelm. Would you guys say you're getting a little overwhelmed? Yeah, sure. Yeah. Would that be an okay year 1 revenue?
68|That would be pretty decent. I think if you're just doing what you know you can do and you just focus on this, that's probably not just going to double year over year, like it might triple. We're
78|eternally grateful for you taking the time to do this and really just needing some mentorship. So, that's exactly what I provided these two guys with was an opportunity to sit down with me for a
89|few hours, get a whiteboard out, and start just drawing up their challenges, their objectives, and then bringing a bit of clarity to their business model. We ready for this? Yes. Let's do it.
100|Here we go. Let's go. Maybe it probably just be good just for you guys to introduce yourselves and your business, maybe just to start with. My name's Rain and Joey. H I'm 23 years old. Over the past 10 years now, I've basically
112|focused on on the journey of becoming a filmmaker. I've shot for brands all the way from Sony to Emirates to Apple Music and a bunch of of others. I only recently made the switch to building up
122|my own personal brand on on YouTube. A while ago, I was kind of looking for a for a way to build this into into a system that I can help many more
132|creators with. Instead of just giving a behind the scenes look, actually guiding creators to help them bring their their take their works from a certain level to an amazing level where they can not only
143|work with with their dream clients, but they can also achieve financial time and location freedom. So my name is Mo. Started entrepreneurship seven or 6 years ago when I was 16. Basically
154|because I didn't like the path that was shown to me. I was very rebellious. Started to get the hang of uh digital marketing pretty quickly. eventually found my success in e-commerce but I
164|always had a huge passion for cameras. So I kind of quit all the standard business to run around with a camera for a while. So I did that the last 2 years but then it did felt kind of
174|counterintuitive to not use all the business skills that I had. Railin had this huge master plan and then I was like this is a perfect mix between uh creation creative work but also
185|utilizing those business skills. as kind of small introduction and small uh story of how everything started. Cool. So here, let's kind of like map this out for a sec just cuz I'm sure as we get going like it's going to be key that we
196|get this right. So why don't we go through kind of the offer or offers talk about a bit of like your guys objects objectives for like the you know year
208|and then maybe any sort of challenges you guys currently have take it from there and see where that brings us. Sound good? Yeah. Great. All right. you have this like high-end agency. You want
218|to just speak to it for a sec because I think it's really impressive some of the brands you guys have worked with. About three years ago, I I signed with an agency like a bigger advertising agency in in the Netherlands. I did a bunch of productions with them together which
228|were quite quite big productions. The money that they were spending on these productions was so not proportional to the output that they were creating. They were just wasting money on enormous
239|teams. And I did that for for about a year with him and then decided okay I I really uh don't want to be a part of this. From that moment on I started doing things by myself and actually
250|that's also the point where I started attracting these uh higherend clients because the the unique selling point that I could offer was okay I can produce a commercial for for a high-end brand that they would normally have to
260|pay hundreds of thousands of of dollars for. I can produce that in a faster more efficient way that's also cheaper. So that was kind of the the initial value offering and I ended up doing
271|productions for Ferrari, we did one for Emirates last year, Apple Music, we will make a course/case study for every production and you will have one for
281|like pre-planning and pitching. Then you have one module for editing, then you have one module um like you have all these different modules and at first we wanted to sell those modules separately,
292|but then you were like this is way too complicated. um like you're going to have all these little offers and yes just not going to to be efficient and and simplistic in this way. Kind of
302|started to rethink the the initial core offering. Hence we've we've arrived here. We've now decided to focus on a on a mid-tier product basically one offer
313|that will give people access to the the behind the scenes material to the the five modules per case study that we plan to do. They can purchase access to that for a certain amount of months. Yeah.
325|Plus they get access to the community where we do weekly calls and we give feedback. What do you guys call it? Club. We call it outline club. Outline club. Yes. That's the community part. And like you get access to the club when
336|you buy uh the course. I guess we have the high-end agency and then the second thing is outline club, right? Yeah. The main uh other offering is of course that we we plan to take these community
347|members. we kind of take them with us on the productions because that's kind of the main thing that most of these courses uh in the film making space are missing is that real world experience on set. And then another thing that we're
359|still thinking about is like a chance to work with the agency. But then this is like a huge thing we're still tripping over is like how much uh time are we
371|going to spend in the agency and like attracting different types of clients versus just focusing on doing the major productions and focusing on the info
382|info products. So that's definitely something we're still uh cool. So how would you characterize that like challenge? Um yeah. Yeah. Focus. It feels like there are already so many
392|routes we take. There are already a lot of moving parts with the agency, then with creating the whole behind the scenes videos on the YouTube channel, then creating the case studies of the
403|productions, you know, it's it's a lot of work and it keeps us up at night figuring out like where should the focus focus really be? What do you feel like
413|is like the real challenge for you there is choosing the the right path for this business right now? We feel like we've got proof of concept cuz I've been doing this for a while. Uh we've got an
423|audience that wants to to to consume the content considering all of the the value that we want to provide and also the connections that we have. We're not sure
433|which actionable path we should we should take. Now, I had to be told 14 years ago that the specific business that these guys are trying to create, it kind of does feel like you're spinning three
444|plates. It's not all that crazy if you feel a bit overwhelmed at first. Now, these plates are natural, right? We all deal with them. No matter what business model we're creating, there's always a
454|bit of chaos. Now, my belief is that if you're not careful and if you're not systemizing your business, they by nature will default to entropy, to chaos. Things like mentors, guidance,
465|support, and systems are the anecdotes to that entropy. Would you guys say like you're getting a little overwhelmed? Yeah, sure. Yeah, absolutely. Cuz that's kind of what this kind of points to in a
477|way, right? like you're just trying to like choose like we go this way, this way, this way. We want to offer, what's the price? How does this fit with the brand? How do we isolate these people? It's just a lot of stuff. And at some
488|points, it's like I just want to know what do I like what do we want to do? And then let's rip it, you know, versus these like existential sort of things. And I'm not saying it's all, you know, you've got a lot figured out, but
498|there's also an aspect where there is some rather big questions here, right? Yeah. And there are like a thousand things to do. So how do we figure out which to do? We we give priority, you
509|know. Yeah. These businesses when you're starting them at your stage, it is like spinning plates. So there's an element where you just got to accept it's going to be a good amount of work. If it was
520|easy, obviously everyone would do it. And you guys like you guys have like big ambitions, not just on the things you're trying to build, on like the quality and the brand. You're not just trying to like make a quick buck. Obviously,
530|you're trying to build something beautiful, something that stands the test of time, something you can work on for the next 50 years and be proud of it, doing cool [\h__\h] with cool people. There are three plates, I think, that
540|are useful to think about like that you're spinning, which means like you're trying to balance these things as you're starting, right? And it's like, oh my god, oh my god, over here. And then, oh, this one almost crashes. Like, you're just kind of you're getting them to a point where it's like they're all kind
550|of like a one out of 10 and then they're at a two out of 10. And sure enough, like you just keep spinning them and then you kind of get used to spinning one and then you're like spinning these two and they feel like sometimes they're going to crash, but you keep kind of
560|raising the bar to a point where it's like one's at a seven, one's at a nine, one's at an eight. It's like, okay, here we go. Now we got used to like both spinning these and also like the interreation between these three plates.
572|Okay, the three plates are audience,
584|product, and community. And I think that's a really useful frame to think about when you're just starting something. It's like you can have all these ideas, but like out the gate, if we can just reduce the surface area for like what you're trying to do, then you
595|can go deep and really make that stuff amazing. I love it. And then gradually just like let it kind of that's the kernel of the start of this thing. And then let it kind of gradually like root
605|and blossom a bit and grow like a tree or like nature does. And you just kind of keep watering it and listening to the community and what they're saying and it gradually just kind of grows. And some of the ways it grows, you're like, "Oh,
616|knew it was going to grow like that." Yeah. And other ways you're like, "Wow, I had no idea it was going to morph into this random thing." So, what you really need to focus on is just like the minimum viable seed. And if you can just
627|plant something that you're like, I'm proud of what we're planting here. It's humble and yeah, it's not this and not that and not that yet, but it's something and it's it's going to be awesome, but like it's going to take a sec. It allows you then to go and go,
638|"Okay, this is manageable. Like, we can [\h__\h] do this." And you can finally have that energy and focus it into something that's like specific and narrow and like [\h__\h] nail it versus
649|feeling like, "Oh man, I'm waking up today and we got to [\h__\h] do this thing and that thing and who the [\h__\h] are we hiring? And what path are we going? Are we doing this thing and that and when are we going to the next shoot?" It's like it's just too much and
659|you're not going to be able to use your potential correctly. So, what I would encourage us to do is like let's just map out these three plates. Mhm. And just keep in mind like it actually is winning if it feels uncomfortably
670|narrow. On the audience side, what do you guys think is like this part of our audience must exist? What platforms, I guess, is what I'm saying. YouTube. Yeah, YouTube for sure. And the cool thing is that it already exists, you
680|know. Yeah. We got the main channel, right, of 100K? Yep. And then we got the new channel, you're thinking, right? Yeah. We'll call YouTube main and then we'll call behind the scenes BTS. Maybe
690|just building in public. Yeah, building in public because VIP the the behind the scenes are made on the main channel. So that can get confusing and that is then
700|already a question. Do we really like we love the building in public? It really fires us and we love looking at all the stuff that we shot already. We love the vision, but do we need it? I'd say that
711|the the main YouTube video videos that we post of the productions, they're such a highpaced format of giving value and the the building in public is much more of a raw authentic look into into it. It
723|doesn't need to be overedited. It can be just very raw kind of building community focused video. Mhm. Okay. We'll put a dog here because like maybe it's something to look at, but maybe not.
733|Maybe it's fine. So, is Instagram? Instagram. Yeah. On my personal brand uh IG. Anything else? I'd say those are the three main focuses. Email list. I I have
745|almost 10k people in my email list, which are people that either bought my digital products or people that signed up to be a part of the next productions or people that are interested in what
755|we're going to to offer. We'll put the email here. Okay. So, we got the email list on the product side. Why is that? Why did you put it on the product side? Because this is kind of like your rented audience on platforms. In a sense, I
767|think this is something that like you own it. you don't own these platforms, you know, Zuck, Musk, whoever may own these things, but you own your email list and that is an asset. So, we can
777|put it here. It also makes it easy to because you funnel traffic from these to this. So, it's easier to kind of easier to map it. Yeah. We'll just put that there. What else do you have product wise? So, yeah, it's it's it's basically
788|just it's a course, right? Yeah. Okay. We we call it case studies because we're basically doing these productions through the agency in which we teach the the different techniques and from
798|acquiring the client to the pre-production to the filming to the post-production. We teach all of those methods within that case study. Cool. So, it's a product and community in a way, right? Like we're talking outline
808|club. It's kind of both. Yeah. Right. So, we'll just put it here and it is, you know, the main product and the main community. Now
820|let's talk about then okay so within this like cuz that yeah that's basically it right what is the minimum viable that needs to be in this to launch it it's
831|the first case study first production yeah is that done no we're doing that's the Japan okay sure okay we'll call it Japan case study anything else
846|like obviously uh building out the community even deciding which which platform we want to go Do you know which one yet? We we kind of decided on going for for Circle as that that being the main main platform. Let's just let's
857|just assume that for now. And we need to build like the the back end like obviously the website uh where are people going to check out? Do we have a sales uh behind it? Okay. So there needs
868|to be some sort of checkout. And then what's the weekly group coaching that's with you initially with me? Yes. And as soon as it scales to a bigger community, we have a bunch
878|of connections in the film making space. So we would invite guest speakers to to host those sessions for months or yeah divide the workload that way. Like one observation as an example, right? When
888|you think about this and this piece I would only do what's necessary to serve this. Do you need to do six productions in a year? The thing is like the YouTube
899|is is the main thing that fuels everything. We want the like the videos on the YouTube to be the behind thescenes videos of the productions. But
909|if we're going to do less than six productions, that means less than six YouTube videos per year. And in our head, that just sounds too little. Yes. and and the style of content that that
920|works well that that is b basically a proven concept on my YouTube channel is this behind the scenes value which just takes a lot of time to to bring to life
931|to process all of this footage that we have from one of those productions into a YouTube video. It's it's difficult to do that uh within one or two weeks. It
941|usually takes a month to 5 weeks. Okay. So, we have the agency shoots then as part of this. It it it's kind of the same as the Japan case study like the agency productions they turn into the
952|case studies. Okay. So Japan is one of the Yeah. Yeah. Cool. One thing that I really noticed when I was talking with them that I remember I used to struggle with a lot and I still
963|struggle with sometimes today is you know I'll get a deal from a brand where they want to pay me say 120 grand for the year to go and promote their product, their brand to an audience I've
973|created. And at first I'm like, damn, $120,000, I can only imagine what I could do with that. But when I go and I sit and reflect, maybe go for a cold bath or a sauna, I think, there's an
983|opportunity cost to that. There's an opportunity cost between investing my energy into that brand versus actually building my own brand. And often times it's tricky as humans, as founders to
993|contextualize that opportunity cost. You know, we see a big ticket, a big 120k deal, and we instantly just want to grasp at it, right? and think about, okay, how could I maybe push this aside,
1004|maybe make this more efficient in my business, and then just double down in this new shiny toy I see. But little do we know that each time we do that, we slowly sacrifice our dreams, sacrifice our own progress in the hopes of
1015|satisfying someone else's dream. And my belief is that more often than not, it's a mistake. One core lesson that I gave to these gentlemen that I have to remind myself of daily, and it's a constant
1027|struggle, is default to know. One thing that we are still thinking about is like that whole personal branding offer and like we have a client now that is ready to pay us like a serious retainer which
1039|would obviously help especially with bandwidth. It's it's a thing that completely requires our focus. So should we do it or no? That that is what do you think based on what what we've been
1050|saying? No. But based on like the retainer it is the the bandwidth it will give us it should be a yes. So what's what's the retainer out of curiosity
1060|like back and napkin? The 20 to 25k per month. You get paid for the productions you do, right? Yeah. You can't get paid maybe a little bit more on an extra production. Not right now. Not right
1071|now. Yeah. No. Since there are a lot of production costs and flying the the people to from the community to to assist us. Plus, you know, the offer that we got now for this retainer client
1082|is basically based on the fact that we will supply them with one of our community members that we've trained. We give the frameworks to that community member to build a personal brand for the
1092|client and then we, you know, do weekly check-ins to see how how it's going and then that filmmaker that we've attached to them just films for them and we do it on like a 3 to 6 month basis. That was
1102|the only my own experience which just speaking from I can just speak from what has happened to me before, right? It's hard sometimes to discern these things, right? Like, is it actually something that's accelerating your vision and
1112|going to get you the cash you need and be this proof point of what you're building and and be that or is it a distraction and it's actually going to require you then to like be super hands-on with this guy's personal brand and coaching this guy up when you should
1123|really be like building the case studies and launching the platform and getting the checkout live and launching it to your email list and to your YouTube and like just building your thing. How do
1133|you decide based on experience? One of that is like the criteria of like a hell yes or a no. Like does this feel like it's like a definite hell yes. Oh yeah, like this is definitely going to help us. This moves us forward. Like this is
1144|in line with what we're doing. Or does it like feel somewhat murky and it's like the money's good and this part's like cool guy or whatever, but [\h__\h] I can't totally see how it accelerates it.
1155|And like keeping in mind too that there's an investment there. Like there is time. you know, you're going to be on calls with this guy to talk about his brand and then to train up this other
1165|guy. And some like some of that maybe is stuff that you're doing, but maybe some of it's just like it's just new stuff and it's it's a personal brand thing maybe and maybe determining like we're serving filmmakers. We're not serving
1176|like the core thing is not this thing. This is a different thing. Yes. True. And I also think the important thing is to have a frame of abundance. Like you're not saying no and then you're screwed and you lost it on 20,000 and
1188|like [\h__\h] like we lost money. It's like, no, you've actually built space now for like a bigger thing to come in. Now you're just like, oh no, we're just saying hell yes to like our vision. Like
1198|it's bigger than this $20,000 check right now, hypothetically. Yeah. You know, just to be okay with slowing down, working at a natural pace. And the key thing is saying no more often,
1209|saying no to new opportunities, saying no to people that are like, "Oh, I'll work for you for free." It was funny cuz in the conversation I even noticed at the end of it I kind of said, "Hey, this is the basket of stuff that I think you
1219|should be focused on." This is plenty. If you're trying to actually make this stuff absolutely amazing, it's going to take everything you got and then some. We're talking maybe even like 60 70 hour weeks at some points because they're looking to launch this thing in like 6
1230|weeks. Even there, you can still see this tendency, this inclination, this bug to basically go say yes or what about this or what if we did that? And you can easily drown in a sea of
1240|whatifs. You know, Paul Graham, founder of Y Combinator, says most startups die of indigestion, not starvation. You know, indigestion from so many opportunities, so many things you could do that you end up just drowning in
1251|that. You end up choking on it because you're not just focused on the one main thing that will set your business apart. And I think as founders, there's a bit of a disease of this going on. A disease of just yes, yes, yes. And I think most
1264|of us should be in a season of no. And I share this with you because I'm no different than you. This disease of yes um is something that we all are guilty of in our lives and it's just that reminder that you know we're likely
1274|doing enough. We likely have everything that we need at our fingertips. We don't need more. We need to do less but better. I'd say another challenge which I've run into a bunch of times.
1284|Initially the the reason why I started to shift focus onto the club/course community offering was because I spent five or six years as a filmmaker trying
1294|to make it without having any help from the outside without getting any courses and I I had to jump over so many different hurdles and if there was a place where I could kind of access all
1305|of the right tools that I needed with a little bit of a blueprint of how to build my own personal brand at the same time that would save me so much money and time Since that was the initial
1315|focus, the offering that we're going to release on the uh for the course, I kind of wanted to make that accessible. I wanted to be like, hey, if you're a driven creative, I want to give you the
1325|tools you need, not for a for a $10,000 offer, but something that you can invest into and if you have the drive and the will and you can just take action, you can make something work. The challenge
1336|is how do we create an offer that doesn't feel like we're impeding on on goodwill? Yeah. giving giving even creators that don't have a lot of money or capital to invest to give them a
1346|chance to to shine. It's kind of similar figuring out like the intersection of like the offer, the price, and like the brand and like something that feels like it threads the needle between like good
1357|pricing fits the brand and the kind of values of the brand which is like accessible and helping the creator that was you 3 years ago or 5 years ago while also allowing you to build a great business and and invest in like other
1368|cool stuff that you have down the road which is only possible with profits but also not doing profits in a way that feel dirty to the existing people. like how do you kind of Yeah. bridge that.
1378|Yeah. One other thing that comes to mind. Okay. So, when I like first started building businesses, I did it really like half-hazardly at 21. I was running like a technology boot camp
1388|because I was like smoking some weed in an apartment with other people that like they were building some [\h__\h] and I was interested in that and we got talking and we were high. We're like, "Oh, that sounds like a good [\h__\h] idea." You know? And so we were like, "Oh, [\h__\h]
1399|it." And we just started building this thing. And so there we were all baked in [\h__\h] building this technology school at like 21. Uh one thing led to another over the last next few years we built
1409|something pretty significant but I hated it. Like I had no real interest in like technology and it was a good thing that we were doing and it was a good learning experience but like it wasn't fun. I had
1421|no freedom of location which I know is big to you guys and big to all of us now. I wasn't very intentional about what I was really building. I just was building something cuz at least I was a founder. So what I then had to learn the
1431|hard way, entrepreneurs were investors, right? Investors of our time, like investors of our money, investors of our energy, right? And just like an investor like say Warren Buffett has like
1442|criteria by which he invests in businesses, right? Those businesses need to be cash flowing, there needs to be a great founder, a formidable motive around the business, a recognizable brand. It really is smart of us as
1453|founders to view ourselves as investors and have a kind of criteria by which like we're going to kind of have these criteria that determine the kind of
1463|business we're going to build and ruthlessly grade especially at the stage you guys are at. This thing is like a piece of play-doh or clay, you know, like you can make this whatever the hell you want. So why not get clear on your
1474|criteria for a sec so that as you're making different decisions, you can go back to the criteria and go is this achieving that? So like examples of criteria that I've now created in my own
1484|life with what I create is like I need to love the customer. I need to love the problem. I need to have distribution day one and the ability to build like something that I know could be shared a lot. Mhm. I need to be able to have it
1495|cash flowing within 90 days. It needs to feel obvious like it needs to be obvious that I do this like not a technology boot camp. And it needs to be a hell yes. So like the pieces of it, the team
1505|I'm building around me, the partners, the offer, all of it, I need to be like [\h__\h] yes. And if it's not that, I'm like, no. Long-winded way of just saying, I think what's useful for a
1515|second here, you have some goals, you have some challenges, and a lot of it is around like choosing the past, figuring out these things, really making just a lot of decisions around what do you want
1526|this thing to be? And I feel like when we have a criteria for a sec, just like the examples I gave you, we can just make sure that as we're making these decisions, we're making them with like
1538|some north star in mind. Is there any criteria you guys made that come to mind as when you guys think of what you're building like this must exist? Location freedom like that we can run it from
1549|anywhere where we want promotes travel in some way. And that's absolutely what it does with the productions that we're doing because the productions are all just going to be that we pick the places
1560|that we want to shoot in. I'd say that for me at least my big passion and where all of this started is is coming up with an idea and going out there and making
1570|it, bringing it to life. That that spark of of having a vision and figuring out a way even though the vision is very big, how can we film this? How can we use
1580|gear in a creative way to to to leverage the the idea or to to create an amazing result? That kind of process of creativity is for me the most exciting part. Mhm. So, how would you
1590|characterize that as a criteria? It's like a razor. Yep. It's going to either determine like okay, we can do this or no, if you can't imagine doing yourself, we're going to say no. As an example,
1600|how many hours do you want to spend on the thing? Like, do you guys want to be spending 70 hours a week working or is it ma does it matter you that it's like manageable a bit? Like as you guys have all these ideas, it's like, okay, do you
1610|guys want to like go hard as hell and like just build like yeah, maybe it's some insane [\h__\h] that's really big, but like it's going to take your freaking every morsel of your being, you know,
1621|and you still might not pull it off. You know, these are common struggles. If this sounds like you, you're certainly not alone. I see founders like this 10,000 plus a year. This is one of the
1631|most popular struggles founders have. that gap between potential and proven product and like time is also just a challenge. Time. Yeah. So many times
1642|always a challenge. Tell me something I don't know. There's only so many hours in today, Matt. We have 24 hours. Can we make it 27, 28? What can we do here? Yeah, we'll be amazing.
1653|Nothing works. No. Okay. So, time. time in a sense that that we're becoming our own bottlenecks in a way that you know we want to do so many different things
1663|and have got so many different ideas. It feels like we can only kind of grow at the rate that we can output work right now. The hiring process is also something that we're starting to think about. At what point do we start
1674|thinking about adding members to the team? I really admire Mo and Railen for going for it for just getting started. No, I think that's the thing that most people struggle with, right? Is they
1685|just don't even start. They don't make that bet on themselves. And you got to admire people that take the bull by the horns, you know, take life into their hands and just get after it. Many of you
1696|here are still on the fence. And this may be your friendly reminder. Just start the damn thing whatever way you can. Even if it's small, even if it's super embarrassing, hey, that's how we
1706|all started. Now, if you're not embarrassed by your first product, you're doing something wrong. You're probably taking too long to launch it. Well, here's the thing that I think we're all not talking about. Okay. So,
1717|let's get into this part, which is the math. Yeah. Okay. Think about what I just went, right? The the kind of determinant whether it is too little or it's too much or it's not enough is like
1728|off of that, which is your output. That's your assembly line, let's say. I'm sure I butchered it to some extent, but I'm sure it's like not crazy off. A 12 week cycle more or less that output.
1740|I can do that. th those four YouTube videos or those five or whatever like that I can do in that kind of general cycle. The question is how many leads and customers can that drive to you? And is that in fact not enough? Mhm. Cuz
1752|maybe it's actually enough, right? Maybe it it is all you need for a sec. Yeah. Right. At least year one. And maybe we don't need to cross this bridge of like I got to build a team and I got to do
1763|this and I got to delegate all that. Like maybe not. Maybe you just need to like do that and you need to just build your area and and maybe you're not actually crazy for just like just sticking to your guns and just sticking
1773|to what you know works for a second. So, do you guys know how many leads that drives? Yeah, I I launched a $100 low ticket product last year with some some LS, some some presets, some other
1784|effects, and uh like a mini 4hour color grading course. The first YouTube video that I posted about that converted into about 15K profit overnight. The second
1794|video I posted about that was about 10k profit overnight and within 6 months it's almost done six figures. So that at least gives me a little bit of an idea of okay in those 6 months I put out two
1806|videos about the product. Okay. And we did about 85k USD in in profit. So how many of them did you sell back in Afghan? About 900.
1819|Okay. She made around like let's say it was 90,000 just for shits and giggles, right? Just to kind of give us some numbers to work with here. Okay. And that was two videos plus
1831|uh two posts on my Instagram. Okay. So two YouTube and two IG. So let's say like for a second here, just assuming no added talent, you'll
1842|get to six YouTube. I mean 10 10 IG. Sure. 10 IG with cut downs and Sure. So, what are you guys thinking you're going to sell this thing at? Still also
1853|completely uh Do we want to use maybe $1,000 from now then? Sure. When you did two of these, right, you sold 900. Mhm. Let's just say because of
1865|the increased price, but there is a lot more value. You're going to have some insane email list going on around this thing where it's like there's a wait list, there's a drip campaign. when they get in, they get like, you know, all these warm-up emails around the offer,
1876|like, you know, it's super well done. Let's just say, so for per two videos, you sell 400, so less than half. Yeah. Right. But you're doing six, so it's
1886|three times more output. So again, back in napkin, again, these numbers are going to be off, but just to assume some things. So $1,000 times 1.2 million 400.
1896|Yeah, you probably already got it. There we go, my guy. All right. Would that be an okay year one revenue?
1906|That would be pretty decent. I think I think it would be awesome. Like I think that would be amazing first year. Like especially if you had all the infrastructure and everything built, right? And like you you've proven these
1916|things out and you had the community going and like people were happy and like there's still so much upward mobility with this. There's still so many other products you could launch. Yeah. Like we we didn't even raise the price in this. Yeah, we are going to do
1928|this, but this is worth six YouTube videos and it is a question if we're going to be able to do six. But let's just assume that what he's saying like you pull it off and
1938|especially I think the thing to consider is like you let's say you did the next batch, right? And by then the thing's launched and you sell 300 on the first go. Well, you're going to go [\h__\h] I'm just going to bring on some talent and
1950|just just shadow me on this one. I'm still going to go in the cave, but just sit your ass in a chair beside me and watch. Maybe you become more comfortable with like giving someone a piece of something or maybe you're like sit down for the next one too. Just sit though
1961|and just watch and like sure enough you start to be able to have that confidence like relinquish a little bit or give up a little bit more control or like maybe it's not the editing part or the cave part but there's just other and so [\h__\h]
1972|in your life you can get off you like maybe you just need an EA to like answer your emails and [\h__\h] Maybe it's not editing time that we need as much help with. It's just other time like there's just other dumb [\h__\h] you're spending your time with. M this is where you know
1983|when I talk to founders I kind of have this belief that as founders a lot of us like we never wanted to be employees right we never wanted to work for the man we wanted to go and be able to take life into our own hands that said in our
1993|own way we also crave structure in some senses we actually kind of need someone to manage us I know in my own career without having mentorship guidance people around me advisers people like
2004|the founder of Shopify number eight number 20 at Facebook Ryan Begelman my executive coach who I meet with every other week Antela the founder of Complex. The list goes
2014|on. These are people that have shown me the way when it comes to strategy, hiring, firing, building a team, holding proper meetings, building an audience, creating content, building a brand. The
2025|best way to learn is from other people that have been where you're trying to go. This is by far the ultimate shortcut as a founder. But I think so many founders when it comes to mentorship,
2036|when it comes to guidance, either they don't even bother trying to find a mentor, or number two, maybe they're too arrogant or they just don't know and they don't even give it a shot. Maybe they're too scared to reach out to
2047|someone. I can tell you that mentorship guidance is probably about 80% of my success. And what I try to do here for Railen and for Mo is to give them the mentorship that I wish I had 15 years
2058|ago when I was getting started. help focusing on what the right move should be. Help focusing on what I should say no to and help mostly focusing on the
2069|three major parts of my business model that I should focus on and double down on. And the other parts that were really simply just distractions that I should just throw in the backlog, lock up,
2079|throw out the key, and never look at them again. It's mostly you guys, right? Like it it's solid. Like it it is how I would do this. Yeah. And this is more than enough. Yeah. Yeah. No, and I'm
2089|glad you're saying that, too. Like it really is like like I've done the things a lot of the things you're saying. I don't know like some of this stuff like I've done this, I've done this, I've done this, I've done this, I've done this in my own way, not nearly your way
2100|and this I've done. But I do know that if the stuff that you know that is crazy creative, if you just can focus on that stuff, y and then you have the space and the ownership to focus on this stuff and
2111|you guys can start building trust together and having say daily standups where you can start to just get in this like it's like a drum beat of what you're building, you know, every like 10 a.m. every day like you come prepared. It's like, I got them this yesterday.
2122|I'm doing this today. I'm blocked on this. This is a creative decision I'm making. I want to do this. What do you think? Hey, wouldn't do that. I like this. Can you send me what they sent you? Cool. I'm going to review the fake mom. I'm going to review the frame. No,
2132|I don't like that. I want this. I want that. I want that. Are we clear? Cool. Agree. And commit. Move. Like, go and build. You know, you go back to the cave, you go back to launching this kind of [\h__\h] building funnel, building the
2143|infrastructure, all that. Boom. Next day, same deal. What'd you get done? Whatever. And just running these sprints. Like, I'm I'm not even joking. Like I'm not even saying this to just say it, but it feels like there's a weight on off of my chest amount. So
2154|much lighter. So I think we have this like would you agree like maybe for like at least like the next few months? Yeah. Right. I do think that the superpower will be you guys saying no and staying
2165|focused. That's where I see a lot of people most people screw up. Most people have such like I think it just takes you kind of just both mutually keeping each other honest about this like defaulting to no. Don't default to yes or I got
2177|this other idea. like be careful of that stuff. I think what I'm getting to too is that I think too fast sometimes founders look to build something that's scalable. Some of the best businesses in the world were built from the start in
2187|an unscalable way. Famous examples like Brian Chesky from Airbnb like he slept in Airbnbs. Every three nights he changed an Airbnb for 365 days the first
2197|year and just lived with the Airbnb hosts and learned how they interacted with the website and how they enjoyed it and what they didn't like about the experience. and he was an actual
2208|customer himself in a way and from that experience like learned the ins and outs and built you know what's now like a you know I think a $70 billion company right what you guys are doing in a sense is
2218|like you're just doing all this stuff like you're in the mix you're in the mix like that's okay initially to just do things that don't scale so that the way that the initial product and service and kind of brand and creative are all
2228|formed it's like so like maniacally where it needs to be we've gone over so many things that were things that were difficult or seemed like obstacles and and I'm sure there's other things that
2239|will come up, but for now we're eternally grateful for you taking the time to do this. I think a lot of this stuff too is like in the DNA of what you've built too, right? Like when you look at your YouTube channel, I you
2249|know, you don't generally see that like maybe maybe it's even less than what Mr. Beast puts out there, right? Like you're Yeah. Again, you're doing like your It's like I think two videos technically every two months, but kind of like back
2259|to back every two months. So it's you've used a lot of restraint there to say I'm not going to just do more. I'm going to do less but takes a hell of a lot of discipline especially as a young founder
2270|and creator. Like that's not easy. Like that's something that people often times don't learn for like 20 years in their career. And just stick to that magic there. It's not that you have to get some new skill. It's actually just that
2280|you have to stay true to what you are. It's not new that you're trying to do this. It's actually what you always are. You just started to kind of think that you had to do more and you just and it's just natural that when you're starting
2290|something new, you guys are younger guys. Like it's totally all the things you're going through. It's all natural. Like I've gone through this stuff. Like I I had to have someone show me how to do this. But that there's always that
2300|filter when you're making decision like do we need to do this? I think brands get built from a lot of the time just like staying true to it and doing less and just like staying so true to the DNA
2310|of it versus like thinking you just got to like slap this on and slap that and oh we got to do this that like that's everything else that just gets it just gets watered down where it's like Yeah. Just stay true to like the core of it.
2321|Yeah. Boom. Amazing, bro. Let's Let's get this off the ground. There we go. Thanks, man. Yeah, of course. Really appreciate it. Yeah, of
2331|course. Of course. Of course. That's good hanging. Honestly, incredible. Of course. So, I believe that there's never been a better time to be a founder. You know, the future belongs to founders,
2343|creators, builders, people that are honestly just fed up with the status quo, fed up with their current life situation and want to take it into their own hands to build, to create, to
2353|manifest something that they know in their heart, their soul that they're capable of. With all that amazing opportunity that we all have at our fingertips, and especially you guys in your 20s, right? There's just so much
2363|opportunity, right? You can build AI products, AI apps now, just by talking into a piece of software. There are so many builders, so many people building things, so many people creating things.
2373|So, if you're in your 20s, you got some advantages and you got some disadvantages. Let's talk about the good news first, the advantages. Okay, on this side, you got a hell of a lot of opportunities. You got a hell of a lot
2384|of energy. You've got so much runway and so much appetite for risk. You got no kids. You got no family. I'm hope you don't have a mortgage yet. Now, you're free and you got so much going for you
2394|there. On the disadvantages side, maybe you lack experience. Maybe you lack a network right now. You may lack some resources. You know, because of your own immaturity, you're maybe still dealing
2404|with a level of just even getting to know yourself, right? Your own awareness around your strengths, your weaknesses. And that all comes with time. I think what you want to do is channel the best of your advantages and find ways to
2416|buffer your disadvantages. channeling that energy into a clear direction with an amazing mentor that helps you cover your downside, your blindsides, and allow you to have some direction into
2426|the one to two core things you should focus on. I think it's also surrounding yourself with other successful builders, right? An amazing community, people that have been maybe even just a couple steps
2436|further than where you are now. The more that you can surround yourself with others that have been on similar paths, you're going to be able to learn from their mistakes versus making common
2446|mistakes that you really just don't need to make. You know, I remind myself when I'm building that most of the things that I'm creating, this isn't rocket science. You know, this is not SpaceX. This is not Tesla. These are rather
2457|simple businesses that other people have built similar models to me, and I should not be guessing. There's no point reinventing the wheel. And this is something that I wish I had awareness of
2467|when I was first getting started. And so what I'd say to you is take that energy, take that potential, and before you get moving too fast, draw up what are you building? What are the two to three
2478|things that you need to focus on to be the best in that given space? You know, when Steve Jobs was inventing the iPhone, he really tripled it down to being this amazing communications device, a music player, a amazing way to
2490|call people. Three things. Take the rule of three from Steve Jobs and then apply that to what you're doing. What are the three things that you need to focus on being the best in the world at with your business? And channel every morsel of
2503|your energy into those things and say no to the rest.
