2|Every brand needs to have proper brand positioning, but the issue is so many founders that I speak with, they're putting themselves out there, but it's all over the place. And the issue is when you have that, people don't know what you stand for, they don't understand your point of view, and
12|everything just feels sporadic. Everything that I do at Founder OS is really helping founders build beautiful personal brands, right? And powerful
22|social media machines, and do it in an insanely simple way. And so, what I'm going to show you here is a brand positioning for Chris Robinson. in mind everything inside of Founder OS
32|we keep confidential, but I've gone and mocked up an example founder here based on someone I was just helping 2 days ago. So, Chris Robinson here goes and runs a growth consultancy, right? A lot
43|of the founders that we help inside of Founder OS are people that are financial service providers, home services, lawyers, accountants, dentists, you name it. First things first here inside of
53|this brand positioning, right? Is this a strategic overview in terms of how we're going to go and think about driving revenue to this business that's looking to get to over $20 million this year, up
64|from 7.2 million. Revenue's been plateauing there, it's just been driven off of referrals, nothing seems to be working because, you know, in this case Chris's brand is really lacking that
74|infrastructure. And so, before we just go and start building a bunch of email sequences, before we go and start building the whole content GPS and organic content for Chris, we want to
84|make sure that we got a succinct brand in place. And so, let me go and show you how we go and do this for founders, okay? First thing is really nailing the creative psychology. This is probably
95|one of my favorite parts of building brands is the creative tasteful aspect behind it, right? Helping founders really tap into their inner artistry as well. And so, these are some principles
106|that I think are really important when you're building a brand. Things like the architect effect, not just building Chris into the engine behind his whole brand, we want him to be the architect of it and have AI systems, his team all
118|running and being able to operate without him being involved in every single detail. In addition to that, right? We want to go and we want to use the data that he has. He's helped hundreds and hundreds of clients. He
129|helps them drive insane 3x ROIs based on his 12 years of pattern recognition. And so, this is what Chris has over every other person in his space, right? And why companies choose to work with him in
140|Australia. And so, we want to go and make that data front and center. Okay? And then we have things too like the specificity bias, right? So many founders when they're getting going
150|building their brand, it's so pithy and vague. And what we want to get into are the details, right? The what, the how to go and do things because it's in those specifics, right? That we go and
161|showcase some of Chris's proprietary intellectual property. Which when I think about going and creating great content, you kind of want 50% of it to be, you know, you going and presenting,
172|but just like this video right here, it's also the IP that's kind of the, you know, hero inside of those videos. So that you're showing it and telling it and convincing people that you're legit.
182|And thereby, they watch the video, they kind of see what you're all about, and it's a beautiful slippery slope for them going and joining and monetizing with you. So if you're wondering how your brand
192|measures up to these standards, you can go and check out my brand scorecard in the link in the description. Go and get an immediate score and results on how you stand. It's a free assessment where you can go and get your score and then understand if your brand is ready for a
203|system like this. And so, the brand foundation, right? This is a strategic core of really how every piece of content and offer really then ladders back to conversion. We like to go and
215|dive into the why, the how, and the what, right? I've learned this from Simon Sinek, right? Inevitably, everyone is going to go and resonate with you because of your big why. For me, that's
225|going and helping 100 million founders go and unlock their full creative potential and own their distribution. Because I believe in this new AI frontier that your distribution is the
235|final moat. And so, in this case, we're mapping out exactly how he's going to achieve his big why, which is helping every SaaS founder build a growth system that compounds and not just doing it as
247|some consultant that just leaves them hanging. And so, how he does that is with his growth arc method, and this is kind of his proprietary approach to going and helping them go and achieve
257|the growth. And then, what it is is a growth consulting firm. He's got his Arc OS SaaS part of his business, and then group program. So, one part consulting, one part SaaS, one part education. And I
270|talked to a lot of founders that are doing, you know, multiple different business models, because these days, when you're looking to scale from 20 to 30 to 50 million dollars a year, oftentimes you have a tech component,
280|you may have a consulting component and maybe some education, right? Founders all the time have troubles going and basically making all of these elements in their business all
290|go and become simple and build a flywheel around them. I was just helping a founder yesterday go and figure this out and showing him how when he goes and builds his construction business, you
300|know, it helps him go and build his authority that will drive people to his education business, that helps him then go and drive more talent back to his construction business. And oftentimes people come to us at FounderUs to help
311|them go and tighten up their brand and then amplify it. And so, the 10-year vision here, right, is this succinct look between the business getting to 20 million dollars plus, going and building
322|out the brand on LinkedIn, which for me personally drives about 40% of the leads to my portfolio of online companies that are now doing over 14 million dollars a year. He wants to make a massive impact
333|and scale and help a thousand founders. And in his own personal life, right, wants to be able to have four-day work weeks, have a team of 40 running the operation, and wants to be able to control really the four Ws in life,
344|right? Be able to work where he wants, when he wants, on what he wants, with whoever he wants, okay? And so, it all comes down to then, how do you build a niche of one? Most people, when
355|they're going and building their founder-led brand, I think have the opportunity to build their own psychographic. Go and attract people that are into the things that you're into. And so, in Chris's situation here,
366|he's really all about this kind of systems-driven growth. He really loves to help SaaS founders go and scale out their businesses, and then he's able to use his 12 years of proprietary data to
377|go and indicate exactly the different moves they can make to scale up from 10 to 20 to 30 million dollars. He's built this amazing revenue architecture over those decades of experience that the
389|intersection of those four quadrants, right, are what make Chris unique. So many founders, right, struggle in this area because I think it's sometimes hard to find your niche of one when it's just
399|you alone in your room, or, you know, you've never done this kind of stuff before. Often times, you need someone to kind of work through with it, right? And this is why, you know, in Founderless,
409|with founders one-on-one, helping them really nail that intersection so they can find a niche that's exciting to them, that they're great at, and it's bound to make them a lot of money. And
419|it's the intersection of those three areas that I think makes great brand positioning when you're building a founder-led brand, okay? So, let's go down now to the audience architecture. When we go and think about building an
430|audience, I often times like to think about building it around one core person. When we go and think about Chris Robbins's business here, right, we've kind of gone and synchronized a
440|high-value client checklist, right? The kind of traits that really define his core ideal avatar. It's SaaS founders who have done a series A to series C,
450|annual revenue between 2 million and 20 million, you know, they're relying on paid ads, they believe in systems over hustle, and they're willing to invest $25,000 as long as there's a measurable
461|ROI. When we've gone and then been able to take some of the data that Chris has had from different sales calls, we've piped that data into this brand positioning, right? So, we can see some
472|of the core quotes from those client interviews, right? Things like, you know, I have the product, but I don't have the pipeline. Or we grew to $5 million on referrals, but then it all stopped. Now, where this becomes
483|interesting, right, is that when we're building content, we want our content to be a salesperson that never sleeps. And the way to do that is to make sure that we're using like the actual words that
493|our customers are speaking. Oftentimes, your best content ideas, your best positioning statements for your brand will come from the real words that your customers have spoken on things like
503|customer success calls or sales calls. And so, we've gone and taken all of that data and then piped it into this brand positioning so that as we're coming up with content ideas, we can continue to
514|build this amazing infrastructure that's going to make his customers feel like they're reading their mind, okay? And so, with all of this, Chris now owns a category of one, right?
526|He's the only B2B growth strategist who has personally architected revenue systems for 200 plus SaaS companies and now teaches the exact methodology through a productized framework founders
536|can run themselves. So, from there, we're able to look at how he's differentiating himself in his competitive landscape, really being more of a founder-led brand and leaning into his methodology. You know, this is where
547|I see so many founders really leaving money on the table is not going in growing and taking their founder-led brands seriously. You know, in old-school industries, right, like home services, financial services, you know,
558|insurance, we're helping founders in these spaces day in day out go and use these more new-school marketing tactics in those old-school industries to stand
568|out, right? And so, I think, you know, the opportunity here for Chris is to do just that, right? And lean in to that founder-led brand, which is things like, you know, HubSpot or generic agencies or
580|even McKinsey aren't doing. From here, right, we want to make sure that, you know, every word from Chris is deliberate. We've gone and charted out based on some conversations we've had
590|with Chris, and then we use that to inform things like the brand strategy and the content that we make for him. We've noticed that Chris is direct, right, he's systems-driven, so we can see he uses language that's also
601|data-anchored. You know, we don't want him to sound like, you know, I feel like our growth has been slowing down lately. Everything has to be grounded in being kind of precise, data-driven, right, and
611|utilizing all of that proprietary data and methodology that he has to go and stand out online. Out the gate, so many experts sound like a bunch of corporate
621|jargon. And when we're talking online, we want to make things clear, not clever. We want to make them simple, not complex, right. And we're going to stop the scroll and be most convincing when
631|we're not using a bunch of vague corporate and instead are just speaking to people like normal humans. And that's exactly what we helped Chris with here. The kind of words that make sense for Chris and his market are
643|things like revenue per impression, his conversion architecture, revenue constraints, things like this architect mindset, his distribution mode, right, the kind of stuff that is some proprietary content intellectual
655|property, right. These are the sort of words that when Chris uses these in his market will cause people to perk up, learn more, and it's the kind of language then that all
666|lead back to him as the founder and for people working with him in his business. When it comes then to actually mapping out your brand, right, where a lot of founders get confused is they have a
676|bunch of disparate offers that are not connected. And so, what we wanted to do here was go and connect the four tiers that Chris has all with one system, right, so that every founder finds the
687|right entry point for them. So far, what's useful here, right, is that Chris kind of came in and he had a software over here, he had no lead magnets going on, and no way of bringing people from
698|his audience to his offer. And so, because of that, you know, it was confusing to customers, right? It's like this spider web of different ways they can go, and there's no understanding of
708|what product was right for which person. And so, now with the right growth diagnostic up front, he's able to have people go through the calculator, determine which piece is best for them, and then
719|find themselves in the right product. And so, when you think about your platform strategy, where I see most founders screw up is they try to be omnipresent day one. And when you're
729|just getting going with content, the issue is it's just too much at once, right? The best content strategy is the one that you can stick with. And so, what we focused on here was right message, right channel, right frequency.
741|So, doing five times a week on LinkedIn, and he wanted to do two times a week on YouTube. When we think about LinkedIn, right? It's going to be using 60% of content around his proprietary frameworks, 25% on case studies, right?
753|Because at the end of the day, people really trust folks when you're telling the stories of your core customers, right? People don't buy what you sell, they buy what other people want to buy. And then 15% just more on his own point
763|of view, right? So, people get to know Chris as a human, because after all, right? Personal brands need to be personal. On the YouTube side, what we're trying to do there is 50% tutorials, right? Where we're screen
774|sharing different systems and IP that he's made, which is going to help attract more customers like the ones he's got. And then 30% different breakdowns of how he's helped different
784|customers, and then 20% interviews with successful customers, right? So, that people have more and more proof that Chris is legit. And then we have a newsletter, right? Which is the middle
795|layer where we're going to nurture people between, you know, great generating audience awareness via the content, and then monetizing them. We want to make sure that we effectively nurture them in the middle here, so that
806|we're going and owning that audience in our email list. This is going to convert 32 times better than social media and drive the right people then to go and work with Chris inside his different
816|containers. So, when you're going and then building your actual funnel and monetization, the biggest thing here is making sure that you understand that you don't just have one offer, right? You
827|have multiple offers, right? And that's the kind of thinking that's required so that every single impression has the highest degree likelihood of then converting into revenue. You're
837|engineering every single step. And so, when you think about your content as an example, your different post on LinkedIn is like an offer to get someone to click and join your newsletter, right? Which
847|is why we make lead magnets. From there, on the landing page for your lead magnet, it's an offer then to get someone to give you their email. From there, inside of the lead magnet, there's a core offer in there to get
858|someone to maybe book a call with you. And then, obviously, on the call, you have an offer then for someone to then go and join your service or your product. And so, it's actually
868|understanding that you have an offer stack. And in this case, it's going from content on LinkedIn, YouTube, and newsletter to then the lead magnet that basically serves as both a lead magnet
879|and an application form that smartly routes the right people to Chris's business. The other part is that there's a 9-day nurture sequence, which I get into in detail here, so you can go and
889|steal this. So, here is the welcome sequence, okay? And this follows days 1 to 5 being this kind of educational email series, okay? We're going to go
899|and give people the audit results. And so, for your business, you may do some diagnostic, a calculator, a quiz, it doesn't matter. But that's then going to set the frame for folks, and they're
909|going to understand your system and where their gaps are. From there, on day two here, we're then going and using storytelling to describe the kind of customers that you've helped. From there, day three, right? We're going
920|over things like revenue constraints, the conversion architecture breakdown, and then day five gets deep into the growth arc method. Now, this is where then from days six all the way through
930|nine are the FOMO series, okay? And this is where we're using emails on days six, seven, eight, and nine to more directly drive people to a sales call. Okay? And
942|so, you can imagine so many people, maybe you watching this, right? You get people to download a lead magnet, but then you have no emails they get. And so, you just get like one shot at bat. When you have a nine email series,
953|right? When people sign up to your newsletter, now you're getting nine more tries at bat being able to go and convert people from, you know, your email list to now that next stage in
963|closing those deals. This is just one piece of the nine core phases that we go and do for founders inside of Founder OS, right? The craftsmanship, the data
973|that we have from helping over 3,500 founders, we pour into this, right? All the things I've learned building my own company Herb to 14 million people, growing my own personal brand over 3 million, is all of the data that we
984|infuse to help founders go and build things like their brand positioning, their content machine, their social media machine, and then all of the conversion necessary to build a profitable personal brand. And so, if
995|this is interesting, you can go and check out Founder OS via the link in the description. If you watch this whole thing, you probably understand why this is not just a marketing document. This becomes one of the strategic operating
1006|layers of your entire social media machine. If you want me and my team to build this layer and all the others for you, that's exactly why I built Founder OS. Because most founders do not need
1017|another course or some, you know, personal branding expert. They need this machine installed ASAP because they continue to post content and see no return. So, if you're doing between 30K
1028|up to a million a month and your business is working, but your personal brand is not creating a predictable pipeline, apply for Founder OS below. Thanks so much for watching. If you enjoyed this video, you'd love this next
1039|one on go and building your brand psychology and how to go and build your own profitable personal brand. I'll see you over there. Be sure to like and subscribe and welcome to the founder freedom movement.
