2|I gotta say that is like a real unlock man. Like a literal blind spots that I I just didn't see. So I'm here in Lisbon, Portugal, and my good friend Igor came to me with a
12|problem. His content was feeling like a chore. I get it. You don't need to do any more convincing. I guess I didn't see the full picture. Okay. Dreading it.
22|Looking at himself in the mirror going, "What am I doing here?" Spending nights up until 2:00 a.m. shooting YouTube videos. Insane. But the truth is I hear this same struggle from hundreds if not
33|thousands of founders. And I went and broke down for Eigor my three frameworks to go from content labor to content CEO. And I'm going to go and share with you these three frameworks so you can go and
44|implement them in your own life and business today. Let's get into it. So maybe we can start with just like like an overview of like what you created and like your story a bit. I just love to
54|tinker. I love to build. I love to create. Yeah. Over time that took many forms in my adult life. It started taking the form of first a video production company and now tech YouTube
64|channel on artificial intelligence concretely generative AI use cases that are practical. I see myself as I'm like the practical guy that shows you how to apply it rather than just shows you and
74|reads out the blog posts for example. So it's always a balance but at the end of the day I'm just a creator just a entrepreneur. The main question in my mind was I would love to do more content
85|that breaks a little bit out of the routine that I've built in terms of content creation. It's very rigid right now. Like we do a weekly news video, we repurpose that into free shorts that we
96|post across different platforms. We do sponsored videos where I really like our approach cuz we pick projects that we want to do and we pitch them to the sponsors and if their platform and product matches with that, we do like
107|this project video with the sponsor. >> Nice. Beyond that, it doesn't really leave much space for me to kind of just take some time and create some space to
117|just do something that I would like to create. I don't remember the last time where I kind of like really created a project where I just felt like creating that. >> Usually, it's very driven by strategy
127|and usually it's me sitting in a room recording a YouTube video by myself about this neverending list of AI releases every single week. And I just got to say that's sometimes that's
137|rather uninspiring, but out of the 15 20 releases every week, we cover 10. And I personally maybe care about one. And maybe and usually and honestly that's
148|that's a bit optimistic cuz like we just do it on every single week. And most people if you consume it, you spend 15 minutes with the video or 20 minutes with the video. Our entire process actually I did the calculation recently.
158|I was kind of shocked by it because we have two researchers, we have two editors, we have me and then we have meetings to prepare everything. Overall, it's 45 46 hours to create one video in
168|man hours. >> But it's like turns content creation into more of a treadmill than something that I would want to do more of. And I would love to create more. I would love
178|to create something that's a bit more authentic to me rather than just doing the list of news stories. >> So the first framework is the intentional content framework. You may
188|be there, right? You're creating content, but it's not filling up your cup or you're actually really enjoying it, but you're making no money from it. And the problem is is that when you don't have these three aspects nailed
199|down, you have content that is essentially broken. Let me explain. So, the three parts of the intentional content framework are making content
209|that you love, that you can be paid for, and that you're great at. The intersection of that is the founderled brand sweet spot. This is when you're making content that you know just feels
221|like flow. It's enjoyable. You're putting it out there and your community is eating it up. They're in fact paying you to go and learn more of these concepts from you or they're buying your product and service cuz they're so
232|convinced by what you're delivering and it actually relates to the thing that you sell. And it's something that you're great at, right? You have mastery over this domain. When you get all three of
242|those things, I think you're really building content inside of your calling. And ultimately, you're kind of creating a niche, and that niche is you. As an example, what I see all the time is that
253|people are making great money from what they're doing, and they're really great at it, but there's like this inner artist in them that's been lost. you know, the days of enjoying the content,
264|taking pride in things like the cinematography, the tone, the editing, the coloring, the font, the B-roll, all those different details has been lost. And along with that, the heart and the
275|soul of their brand has washed away. This may not matter for most people, but for the kind of founders that I work with, the heart and soul of a brand is everything. And I don't think this is
285|just important for your own sake, but as you look over to the next decade, with AI taking over more and more, with content just becoming more ubiquitous and easier to replicate, the one piece
296|that AI will never be able to replicate is your heart, your soul, and the intentionality that you put into your content. And so when I like look at your current situation, right, it seems like
306|some of the issues lie in like when we look at this like love area because I feel like a lot of what you're currently doing, it's always solo. Don't love that.
316|>> Yeah, you talked about being on feeling like you're on a bit of a treadmill. >> Yeah. I think these are the two things. I think you you nailed it on the head. Like those are the two things that make some of the videos feel like a chore.
326|And I do them for the audience, but there's only so much of that you can kind of do. So when it comes to the solo side, right, let's just like maybe double click into a few of these for a
336|sec. So we got solo. So what's like, you know, been the main struggle on the solo side in the videos. If I'm going through the docket of like all the topics, I'm not excited about every single one of
346|them. So I got to put on a bit of a play. Like I can go from like mellow to like what's up guys? In today's episode of News You Can Use, we got to kind of cover this and this. And then you wouldn't believe what happened with Open
356|Eyes new release. they got sued again, you know, and like and I think that sort of is draining, right? There feels like an element there. It's like it's a little bit draining. Yeah, it is. It is
366|definitely draining and it feels like it's also I don't want to say like performative or you got to turn on, you know? It's like it's like a late night host or something, right? Like they
376|always have this like persona, right? And there's like this character you kind of got to tap into versus it feeling like it's coming from like maybe your heart and soul. >> Yeah. Yeah. And then on the the
386|treadmill aspect, like what are some like the major challenges there? I mean, I'm tied to upload schedule, right? I'm tied to a team, tied to the deadlines
396|that come with that. But I don't actually dread that. I kind of I don't mind that. I think it's really more in like the first aspect when I look at it like this on the board. Yeah. Like the the solo aspect.
406|>> Okay. This is the major one. I think the treadmill aspect that I do mind is the fact that it t like I feel like if I had like a month of not creating content I would be creating content but other type
416|of content you know like sort of these like ideas that I have would like percolates to the top because I'm on a treadmill and because I'm on a deadline like when I'm done creating everything
426|and like the weekend comes around on Saturday I got to do some business stuff to catch up on and then maybe I have a Sunday off and like the last thing I want to do on a Sunday is spend the whole day creating because I know Monday is coming around and like Yeah.
436|>> Yeah. Yeah. And like you said too, when you're on such like a production schedule, whether it's like four videos a month or 10 videos a month to come up with like that ultimate creative content that you actually really love to do is
447|just more added content ideation formulation and that's the last thing you're going to want to do and it's probably the last thing that's even healthy for you to do. I think longevity is something that doesn't get kind of talked about enough in a way, right?
458|Yeah, >> most content strategies are all over the place. And the next framework helps you go and synthesize your content in a way that's clear, concise, and honestly just
469|a lot of fun. The reality is is if you're making a bunch of content all over the place, you're not going to enjoy it. Your team's going to be confused around it, and it's likely not going to perform well with your community. And so this is where the 333
481|method comes in. having three clear content categories, three clear content formats, and three unique perspectives that really encapsulate your point of
491|view in your given sort of content strategy. For this exercise for you, I would just focus on what do you love to create? What is the kind of stuff you love to talk about? we can talk about
501|later like the paid aspect of that or all that aspect but kind of like let's use that as an afterthought because I feel like you're already really great at figuring out how to get paid for things but it's this like love component that
511|>> kind of gets ignored for a sec. So for me as an example like just to go through these on the you know the pillars side we have things like organic content we have stuff like founder systems time
522|freedom and then on the different formats we just kind of keep it simple so we have like howto type videos maybe how I which is more like about how I do
532|something and then behind the scenes type stuff on the unique perspectives we've got kind of like the Zen CEO vibe like how to build a calm company we've got you know systems kind of equal
543|freedom sort of perspective and that the future of brands will be founderled. Sometimes this exercise is really linear. Sometimes it's like a little bit messy cuz just a content brainstorm. What are some content pillars that like
553|would bring you joy that you'd love to talk about? You have like a whole new channel you're starting. Maybe it's like imagine it's day one all over again. >> Yeah. >> So just like what I really want to talk
563|about the stuff that I'm passionate about I just love kite surfing right now. Like over the past few years I just love that sport. It's such a niche sport. Like even the it's a small sport
575|worldwide. Secondly, I feel like I've been through an extraordinary amount of hardship for my relative young age. I
585|find myself one being really helpful when somebody's struggling with certain life life lessons and two I find myself enjoying that. I can tell you like from the past year the event that I actually
595|enjoyed the most was a local school here in Lisbon reaching out for me to like speak there and it was more about like the entrepreneurial journey rather than like just AI. They're like this this AI
606|creator but all the questions they had is like how did you start like how do you do that? How do we do that? And just like sharing that that was the most inspiring thing for me like
616|>> that was that was amazing. And I'm like life lessons. >> Yeah like life lessons. Yeah, that really and then also I think when I when I see that I think one thing that I
626|thought about like many times was I think I'm really good on systems like I I talked to like an entrepreneur friend of mine. We kind of like compared systems and she was like what the hell
638|what like how how do you have a flow for every process? How do you have these like job descriptions with tasks that are tied to like out like everything is just it's it's really like I built this
648|puzzle and I think I know where that comes from. It comes from a lot of like unpredictability in my early years. So I learned that like okay like if I can build this repeatable system then yeah
659|there's just a reason for for my life. But like generally I think structure to chaos. So in terms of like format you know just to give you a broad range like there's like listicles there's like
670|system breakdowns there's guides there's recipes testimonials like is there certain formats? You've seen a lot of different stuff. I know a decent amount of what
680|you do currently is an example would be like news roundups. >> I'm curious what comes up there. >> One thing I want to y is the how I because like that's the thing is like when I built a personal CRM I don't
690|really create a video for it on the channel right cuz it's not like a really AI thing but I think it's super interesting way to kind of like approach your social life especially if you like live globally. How do I navigate life
702|lessons? How do I na build systems to help with my social community aspect to all that? Yeah, I think a lot of this like at least where I see it going just to sometimes I think it's good to reflect it back to you. It's like we
713|talked about the first bit, right? Which is like that intentional content framework, right? The love piece was kind of missing which means like kind of like your heart and soul isn't necessarily getting a lot of space in your content strategy. Yeah.
723|>> And then when we kind of double click into the 33 method, we get into like all these awesome things that you want to be talking about like your interesting kite surfing, how you like to like optimize things, create like your own personal
734|CRM as nerdy as these things are, right? I got a bunch of that stuff, too. This idea of like moving it from just like how you can do stuff to just like, hey, I'm just going to be open about how I do things. >> Yeah. >> Um, and I think that it kind of also
746|leads from if people are watching this too, it creates what I think is like almost like character development, right? Like you can just keep delivering all this knowledge and all this news all the time, like who the hell is this guy?
756|>> Yeah. >> And if you think about over the next like say 20 years of doing what you're doing, cuz I do believe that you're the kind of guy that will be doing this that long at least. Like >> always creating videos. Yeah, >> in any space, but let's just say AI as
767|an example. The thing that will I think longterm create like more of a moat around what you're doing is sure like there's the knowledge piece and the packaging and the titles and the community build around all that, but
777|it's also just you >> cuz there'll be a bunch of other guys or women delivering the news and the and some of the things. Not saying exactly yours, but you get it right. But it's like, no, no, but I listen to Eigor.
788|Like, this guy's dope as [\h__\h] Like, he kite surfs on weekends and does this thing over there. He's got a badass team that meets up like in dope spots. >> He's like a cool guy and I like the way
798|he delivers it. So there's this like they feel like they know you too. >> Yeah. >> You know, and it's more of like a connection with this person online as an actual human. >> That makes sense. >> Versus just this like newscaster in
809|terms of like the general vibe, right? We've got like the content pillars. Like these are just some ideas, right? V1. This is not saying like, oh, we've cracked the code on it all, right? But at least started to tap into some things
819|that like you genuinely love and that fire you up. So I think like where I would personally go with something like this, right, is now you bring in like that packaging genius part of your
831|brain. >> Yeah. >> With with all this stuff and even could put this into like one of your AI tools, right? Chat GBT of like, hey, I love these are the thing these are the kind of content pillars I'm interested in.
841|This is kind of some formats I'm thinking of. These are some unique perspectives I have. Give it as much detail as possible. even upload some like amazing like titles that really inspire you after doing research say on like one of 10.com or whatever. Yeah.
852|>> And going like, "Hey, come up with some concepts around this, whether that's for YouTube videos or like you said, you're starting like potentially a new Instagram channel and then it's like, okay, here we go." Like it should help
862|you with like your energy, tapping into stuff that you actually care about. It should also be stuff that you can literally just film like sometimes like maybe you're about to go kite surfing for the day and you just like quickly in the sand before you go just share a
873|quick story, you know? Or maybe it's the story afterwards like, "Hey, a guy just flew into that cliff over there and like I'm gonna tell you just a quick story about like how you make plans and life
883|laughs at them, you know, and people are like, oh [\h__\h] this is like interesting, right?" And you're enjoying it just for the point of like opening up more and sharing more of this like vulnerable or real side of you. And people too that
894|I'm sure follow you on the other platforms are going to be interested cuz they're like, "Oh, this is who this guy is." >> Yeah, that's great. Building a team can be one of the hardest challenges of any founder brand. And often times what you
906|find is that you're only as strong as your weakest link. Now in this case, Igor has been doing this a long, long time. He's been building businesses for a decade. Hell, he even ran his own
916|video production company. And so the next challenge that he runs into is super unique. And the truth is though that I think there is actually a universal learning from all of this. You know, the reality is is that often times
927|we have a lot of the pieces in the right place, but sometimes it's just that one little pebble in our shoe, as an example, that just ends up driving us the most pain. And it can just be that
938|one role in your company that you haven't quite crack the code on yet that ends up resulting in 95% of your problems. Now, in this case, it's actually a few layers deeper for Igor
949|because his ego and his identity are so wrapped up in this videographer identity he used to have when he was 21. You know, fast forward to 31, he still
959|hasn't grown out of that identity. And what we need to do is kind of move him from just being the creator behind his brand to the CEO so that he embodies a
969|new level of founder, moving from personal brand to personal media company. And in this next bit, I'm going to show him how he can actually go and structure his own personal media company for massive leverage, enjoyment, and
981|scale. Let's talk a bit about the solo vibe you're doing now. And then let's get into the personal media company vibe. You know, you said you're filming tonight. What does that look like? Yeah.
991|So, we have a research meeting at 6 p.m. where we get together and uh with the video editors and the researchers and we go through every story that happened this week. uh we go through the research
1003|and also the testing that they have you know that they execute each week on the different stories. So it's sort of like a little like presentation towards me and then we go through each story and then decide which of those stories are
1014|worth featuring how I could present them in the video if I should live test them if I should if it needs some more review from me if we need some extra testing to be done and then basically the ball is
1024|in my side of the court and I have to record. Okay. So, you have researcher who does the packaging. Me and my YouTube production manager and the video
1036|and and the video editors together. Okay. So, you have a researcher, you have a production manager and then you have a video editor. >> Yes. And then it's sort of split. We have two video editors and then we I also have an assistant that is really
1047|amazing at graphics. So, she helps too sometimes with the packaging, visuals, >> but it's really like she she also researches. So, it's kind of a team effort. That's >> a social media manager.
1057|>> No. >> No. No. >> And you're all good though because Yeah. You've got It's just a bit of content and the existing team can handle. >> Yeah. >> Cool. I'm not a videographer.
1067|>> No. >> Okay. No. >> So, the one thing that just like stands out, I'm not sure how you feel about it, right? Is this like again like the shooting and the actual filming of it being just like a bit of like a oneplayer game versus that maybe feeling
1078|a little bit more multiplayer, right? Like um I talked about how like you know me and Diego shoot like all the time and it's not even just that Diego's like shooting obviously or doing the lighting
1088|which obviously helps or helping with the locations and all that. It's also just like the feeling that it's more of like a team game, you know? So like we're filming something and I I'm getting tripped up on something. It's
1098|like having that like emotional support partner that's like dude, hey, we don't need to do that right now. Let's just skip to this part here. And then we do that part. And maybe I thought, oh [\h__\h] I'm not looking forward to point four
1108|and six here. I actually don't feel these. And it's like one thing is I'm hearing just like the solo aspect sometimes can be like lonely or even like a bit like rigid. And then the second aspect,
1118|>> it's not just lonely. It's rigid too. And I don't like rigid and it's like Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's just also like you got to go home by yourself, turn on a light at 1:00 a.m. There's also like no accountability to
1128|it. So I think like I mean when I look at yourself I think it's like it's simple. Like I think there's a world where like all of this system like is working cuz you're good at that. But it's just like you plus like a like
1140|videographer like on the actual shoot days if you could. But Matt, I I'm the videographer. I always used to. That was my job title for for a decade. That's
1152|me. >> You're telling me I should hire somebody that is me? >> But I don't think that that is you, right? You shifted from being a videographer to being the actual person on camera, right? And I think there's a
1162|recognition that you're not that you think about what you're making. We don't need to get into all the numbers in terms of like >> you know your numbers and all that [\h__\h] >> But like just in terms of the I feel screw the numbers. The simple pain that
1174|you feel sometimes on Wednesdays and Thursday nights >> like if you could pay I don't know what is it you need like a couple hours maybe each night as an example. >> You know maybe let's just say you're
1185|paying in in a given month 3,000 bucks. I'm just naming a number. I'm sure it's less maybe it's more. I don't know. Right? Like wouldn't it maybe be worth it just to like get out of like or at least experiment with it to get out of
1196|this feeling of like I got to go home. I got to do all this. Like even the uploading of the footage and all that. Like you could have someone do all that [\h__\h] >> They film it. They put the carts in, they upload it, they turn on the
1206|cameras, they set it up, they say they're coming by, they bring food for you. Like what would it look like? There's an aspect where I think that I think it's like the survival mode maybe as like a kid and kind of like the resourcefulness in that like you're
1216|you're being a good like frugal founder, but there's also like you're at a different stage slightly now. >> Yeah. >> If you know what I mean where you don't need to operate like that. And I just feel like you could ask yourself again
1226|like it's not just finding the love for the topics. It's also like the love and like giving yourself like kind of like loving kindness in terms of like just like the filming.
1236|>> Yeah. the way that it feels sometimes right now. Like it just doesn't need to feel like that. Like we're filming right now and this doesn't really even feel like filming. >> Hell no. >> You know, it's just like hanging out, chilling, kicking it. Like and when
1247|we're done here, we're done. Like I don't I don't have to do anything. You don't have to do anything. We just go and chill. >> Um and >> yours right now. And I know because I've been there, right? It's like, yeah, you
1257|got to like set it up, set up the lens, set up the this, do a test run, this is that. Give yourself some affirmations. Doesn't go right. Oh [\h__\h] the autofocus is still on. You got to make it manual. I don't know. You got to switch that.
1267|Maybe that [\h__\h] I'm sure you're good at cuz you're >> Oh, [\h__\h] I forgot to switch the scene from the live stream I did yesterday night and now the whole 45minute recording is actually just looking at the screen and and the camera is across
1277|it. So, I got to do it again, >> right? And it say that comes up like once a month, right? I think it's also it gets back I always remind myself like what is my hourly rate? My hourly rate is around $10,000 an hour. So, if that
1288|thing comes up say once a month you're wasting one or two hours. Your hourly rate's $6,000 7 whatever the hell it is $10,000 an hour. Simply just having someone that saves you the upload time,
1299|makes it more fun, does like some of the technical aspects, helps even like, hey, you're stuck there. Let me just ask you a question. Talk to me. Let me just tell you, I get it. You don't need to do any
1310|more convincing or points there. I think no, I get it because like the first sentence that you said nailed it already. Like I think being a videographer is still like a part of my
1320|ego. And also, I think when I was younger and also like before I went for therapy, I think the big topic there was like not just being like fully self-sufficient all the time on
1331|everything and that it's okay to need people and that people are not built to just self-regulate and everything. And it's just kind of like accepting that like nothing about my life is the life
1342|of videographer me from like 8 years ago or something. So, I got to accept that and stop acting like the videographer cuz like I'm not cuz I'm the guy who's presenting the AI news and in other
1353|situations I love to love that work. I love the equipment. Yeah. I just got to accept that I have a new role to fill. Yeah. And I think though if you like reflect like the reality is like you
1363|know how to do the research, you know how to do the production management, you know, you know how to do the video editing. So I don't think this is like some skill like outside of yourself. I actually just see it as like maybe just like the last rung. I think there's an
1374|aspect of you that's just downplaying it a bit. Like I think it's more than you think. Like because I the thing I have to I remind myself of a lot of time and sometimes even remind the team of is
1384|like simply just being a founder and a creator. That's already two, maybe even three jobs in terms of like the sheer level of workload, pressure, sometimes
1395|feeling like you really got to like, wow, like I got to really like you're on camera, you got to give it like even in those days that you don't maybe have the energy, you got to show up to then go and add literally anything more. It's
1406|just literally not possible. >> I do all the finance stuff, too. >> Yeah, of course. There's definitely more [\h__\h] you do, right? >> And there's Yeah, there's wear multiple hats. Okay, that simple. got to stop
1417|being the videographer. Like if I if I was in your shoes like just not and I'm not here to convince anything. I'm more just like here to like illustrate an example, right? I personally would like it is very convincing. >> I would I would have like Okay, so say
1428|you're filming on like Wednesday and Thursday, right? And you like to film in the evenings typically, let's just say that was the case. I would go and interview some different people or maybe you already know people. You end up finding a person that you just genuinely
1439|like as like a friend kind of like me and Diego or most of the people I work with on my team. Then you know, you have that person like maybe they like you do a dinner like Wednesday, Thursdays. So you go to dinner, you have like they've
1449|already printed out like what you're going to review. They're bringing you like the printed stuff hypothetically. Over dinner, you're kind of like talking about it, brainstorming it. So your brain's already getting in the mode of it, but in a fun way. It's just like
1460|over like a nice restaurant, right? Then you both go to your place. They're going to go set it all up. You're going to get your computer on, start to whatever, whatever. But they're doing the lighting. They're doing the thing. This is that. >> Yeah. And then at 9:00 you go live till
1471|11, film the one or two things, whatever you got to do. And that's just like the Wednesday routine. And that's also the Thursday routine. And each time too afterwards, they're taking the footage, uploading it to Google Drive or whatever
1481|you use, sharing it with the editor. And that's kind of your routine now. That sounds incredible. It's just it's just funny that like I literally did everything that is possible to eliminate a lot of those steps. So things like the
1492|lighting, the file management, like I have automations that create the folder, that move the files. So I have automations that notify the editors as soon as it's done. I've minimized it,
1502|but it's still a lot. Only the good news there too then is like that's great. So this person's job is even simpler. It is like and maybe you don't even need to pay that much at all. Like maybe just someone like literally just just to hang out. Yeah. I think it's just also this
1513|shift which everyone has to go through, right? Of moving from being just like a personal brand, which to me is like when you are the creator behind it all and often times like the jack of all trades
1523|to moving and being like the CEO of a media company. Yeah. like you have like this like systems, automations, AI stuff you deliver to your community of people and then you have a media arm to what
1534|you're doing. >> Yeah. >> You shouldn't be within the media arm. You should sit above it as the CEO, right? And you're directing the product and you're directing the media company and then you also have to be the on
1545|camera talent. >> But nothing more than that. Okay. >> The second you start to find yourself like editing videos, no, shooting videos, no. Like you got to remove yourself from all those aspects. Also,
1555|because I'm sure we haven't talked about the business end of all the stuff you're doing. I'm sure you have like massive aspirations there of like >> doubling the business year over year or whatever. That's going to be where your attention needs to be,
1565|>> not like shooting videos. And I think a thing too for you just to reflect on like after whatever is also like >> like does the next like 10 years of your life when you're filming on say Wednesday, Thursday as an example, do
1576|you want it to feel the way it feels now? Hell no. Like does it need to? >> That's the number one thing in my life that that is >> Yeah. And you've talked too about like in the previous aspect like the real luxuries in life like having a view and
1587|all that like I think also like a luxury is like being able to do work that feels like play >> right versus like having these aspects that like you dread and all that when it's like you don't need to do it like that anymore like yes you needed to do
1598|that maybe when you were first starting to kind of get it up and going but like you're way >> maybe I'm stuck at that past that now it's just the natural stage of like again I think it's just the final strain to kind of go okay now I'm ready to like
1609|let this piece go too cuz you've let all these other ones Yeah. And it feels like I've let all of it go, but I I guess I didn't didn't see see the full picture. Okay. >> Yeah. So I I got to say that that is
1620|like a real unlock, man. Like that is that is is like like a literal blind spot that I I just didn't see which aspect that I like I I I delegated and systemized everything except of the part
1632|that was still a part of my identity and that's why I kept doing it but it was holding me back. >> Yeah. I think it's like a common thing, right? Like I appreciate it. The thing is like we all I think naturally have
1642|like we didn't necessarily start what we started to be like the CEO or be the manager. No, we started what we started cuz there was like probably part of the craft >> that we enjoyed whether that's like
1652|shooting videos or for me like creating different systems or creating the content or whatever, right? But there's a certain point where some of that craftsmanship that we initially started like we have to kind of rise above
1662|certain aspects of it >> if we hope to scale and also like enjoy the real luxuries in life. >> For sure. Okay, there we go. Nailed it. Boom. Good [\h__\h] So, what's really important to me in all these videos is
1673|that you're actually able to go and implement this stuff yourself, right? Because going and learning a bunch of stuff is neat, but honestly, what's more cool and more rewarding for me and for you is when you actually take action on
1683|this stuff. And I get to see online all the stories of all the momentum you guys are building. And so to get maximum momentum out of this video you're watching right now, I went and created a
1693|3 I3 method and gone and synthesized all of what I just went through in an easy to implement deck so you can go and do it for yourself. So I'd recommend going and getting that via the link in the
1703|description. Go through this deck and fill it out slide by slide. And then I'd recommend that you go and book a meeting with your team to go and run through your different categories, formats, and
1713|what you believe your unique perspective is. From there, you and your squad can go and formulate your own content strategy, get more clarity, and make your content operation more fun, more
1723|peaceful, and that much more impactful. So, go check that out in the description and let's get
