2|Everyone is obsessed with deep work, but most founders are tricking themselves and just working really hard and driving themsel into the ground. What I'm going to break down in this video is my deep work routine that allows me to get more
12|done in 4 hours than most people get done in 4 days. I'm going to take you through the entire routine starting with the night before because that's where the real magic happens. Around 5:00
22|p.m., you should be wrapping up your day and making a list of the core things that you need to get done the next day to be successful. Most people think, you know, deep work is just putting on some headphones, locking in and getting
33|going. But there's no sense working on stuff if you don't have a clear strategic direction. Take some time to zoom out. And what I use for that is my
43|personal board meeting. I've gone and charted out my vision for the next 10 years, 3 years. Things like, you know, creating seven best-selling books over the next next seven years. You know, building a retreat center for founders
54|in the Doommites. Now from there I then go and break it down into what I need to get done you know in three month increments right so each year and then each quarter which then ladder up to the
64|goals that I need to go and hit in any given month. And so as you can see here my one big domino is establishing this 4hour deepwork system to produce one
75|truly exceptional high lever piece of content every single day. Now that I'm clear on what I need to get done that month. The second step here is to then
85|go and write out what you're going to go and get done the next day. Here I've got things like, you know, filming a YouTube video, going and sending the financial controller job description to 50 people,
96|uh, you know, going and sending my book and final manuscript to, uh, James Clear's editor, who is someone I'm considering. And so what I've done now is I've got clarity around exactly what
107|I need to get done the next day. And I think this is important because my personal belief is that when you go and you get clear on what you need to get done, that list that you've actually
117|written out on pen and paper then kind of circulates in your brain at night. From there, you're good to go. 6:00 p.m. final meal of the day, making sure that you're giving yourself 3 hours before
128|bed so you can digest that food and then get a great sleep. 10 p.m. it's time to get lights off. No phone, no computer. I've got my red light glasses on,
138|blocking out any blue light so I get as much deep sleep as possible. The room should be pitch black and set up to get the best sleep of your life. 7:00 a.m. I'm typically up ready to go. I don't
150|set an alarm in the morning. I'm not looking to be that dude that's waking up and doing cold bass and saunas. Typically, honestly, I just wake up and we're raring to go and it's time for my abundance 15 minutes. 7:10 a.m. I
161|typically go sit down cross-legged and meditate for around 5 to 10 minutes, just priming my brain for what's about to be an amazing deep work session. 8:00
171|a.m. I arrived at the cafe, open up my laptop, I've got my list in front of me of the things I need to go and get done. And now I'm ready to lock in for my 4hour deep work session. I'm basically
183|blocking out all distractions. My phone is in my bag on airplane mode. I am locking into the task at hand. Neurologically it's proven that right in the morning your motivation is the
193|highest and so you want to get right into that work. I go and look at my tasks and typically I have them ranked from like one to five. Meaning these are the tasks that I'm going to go through
203|in that order so that I'm not going and defaulting to the easiest tasks which sometimes can be the least important. Some other core tips here. I learned this from Andrew Huban. A lot of people think that when they become unfocused
214|that it's because of lack of hydration, but typically what's actually going on is that you lack salt. Salt has electrolytes. And so, one weird thing that I do during my deep work sessions
225|is if I'm feeling a little bit of brain fog, I'll just pour a little bit of mort salt in my hand, knock it back, and then knock some water back just to kind of replenish my electrolytes and just keep me focused. Another aspect that I think
236|is really helpful if you're looking to lock in is go and find a playlist that you love. For me these days, it's listening to George Harrison or the Beatles. In the past, it's also been using tools like Brain.fm, which is a
246|great tool that uses binaural beats to help you neurologically lock in to the task at hand. You could also try things like setting different timers. Often
256|times, I'll gify my deepwork sessions. I know that I have 45 minutes to lock in and go and create a YouTube script. The gamification of it is that I need to complete the task and then film a Loom
266|video on it and pass it on to the next person. Thereby, I've completed the task in that amount of time and then I've filmed my completed work and then sent it on to the next person. So, it's now
276|delegated off my plate and I'm building more leverage to the people around me within my company. Far too often, what founders do is they'll lock in for deep work. They'll get all this amazing stuff
287|done, but meanwhile across their team, no one has a clue as to what you're doing. And that's a mistake because you then don't get the leverage that you could be getting if more people on the
297|team were aware of how you go and perform different tasks. And so something I think a lot about is going and bringing people on my team into the room with me. What that may mean on a
307|remote team is I finished a YouTube script. Now I'm going to go and run my team through my process and how I did this so they can do it going forward. If I've gone and created some Instagram carousel copy, I'm going to go and show
318|my team how I went and made that, the process by which I took and the research I put into it so they can go and help me going forward with that. And so when you bring people in the room, you get the leverage of those folks so that you can
330|delegate more of the tasks in your deep work sessions and continue to go deeper and deeper on the stuff that only you can do. This deep work routine has unlocked an insane amount of creativity,
341|progress, and momentum for me and lots of other high growth founders inside a founder OS. If you're looking to go and join a community, get mentorship from people that are all looking to go and
351|optimize with these kinds of systems, you should check out Founder OS and apply via the link in the description. Get on a call with me or my team. We'd love to chat, see what you're really looking to get done this year, and help
361|level you up with proven systems. So, you've locked in from around 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. A key thing that you want to do is protect that time. So, that
371|means going right now. Yes, like literally right now. And go and block off your calendar from 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. every single day. No
381|meetings, no [\h__\h] no crisises, no emergencies. You are locked the [\h__\h] in. This is your sacred time to work on the stuff that's the real needle movers in
392|your business. You may be asking, "Well, Matt, how do I think about the stuff that I should be focused on in this period of time?" Well, I think you want to focus on the stuff that's in your zone of brilliance. And you can think of
402|it like three concentric circles. You have the stuff that you're great at, the stuff that you love to do, and then the stuff that you can be paid for. For me, as an example, the stuff that I'm great
412|at are, you know, building audiences, building distribution for founders, going and helping build out, you know, YouTube concepts that will blow up. The things I love to do, I love to write. I love to be creative. I love to build
423|teams. And then the things that can be paid for are things like helping founders, providing value, creating content that helps uplevel founders. And so the intersection of that is things like creating exceptional content every
435|single day. Videos like this to go and serve you guys. You know, the cool thing is is that it's a highly leveraged task, right? Creating exceptional content isn't just me talking to one founder at
445|a time. You know, these videos I create every week allow me to go and reach millions of founders every month and get that much more leverage for my time for you. It leverage can come from things
456|like leveraging technology, building automations, creating systems, hiring folks, you know, investing capital in a way that builds leverage. These are the kind of things you want to be thinking
466|about if you want to become a more systemized and leveraged founder and scale up your business. Now, your deep work session is done and it's time that we move on to the afternoon. Noon, we've
478|wrapped up four hours of deep work and it's time to go and reward ourselves with an amazing meal. These days, what I'll typically eat is some sort of protein. So, like maybe eggs, bacon,
488|I'll have some Greek yogurt, and then go for a nice walk and just enjoy the sunshine, get outside, rewarding myself for work well done. I'm not here to tell you what to eat and do your stuff.
498|There's other people like Ronda Patrick or Andrew Huberman that can tell you that stuff. What I'm here to tell you is just to be intentional. Be intentional about where you spend your time. Be intentional about who you surround
508|yourself with. Be intentional about what you put in your body. Because the end of the day, how you treat yourself is how you're going to treat others. And how intentional you are with your day is going to dictate the intentional business you're able to create. My
518|mornings are more internally focused on the deep work routine and getting [\h__\h] done. And then typically I'll use my afternoons for the more external side of things, connecting with others, building
528|community, and any team meetings I need to be on. 2 p.m. We've wrapped up lunch. It's time to go for a hike. Go and connect with other people. Some things to consider to make sure that you're feeling primed and ready to go for the
539|next day. Is energy management. Making sure that you're working out every day. Making sure that you're moving your body, getting your 10,000 steps. Go explore. Go adventure. Go reward
550|yourself for work well done. You know, get some sunshine. Go and connect with people. And this is also a good period to go and fit in any meetings you may have. On the subject of meetings, you
560|need to be strict with your meeting schedule as well, right? We don't want to just be slamming meetings all throughout our weeks. I typically like to go and allocate Tuesdays as my meeting day and thereby the rest of my week is filled with time for me to
571|think, strategize, write, and just enjoy life. The truth is the more healthy you are as a founder, the healthier the business you're going to build. And so
581|when I think about the kind of rhythms in my life that help me be healthy, it's things like mobility daily, making sure that these, you know, hips are all stretched out. It's lifting four times a week. It's taking time to get my steps
592|and go and explore. It's taking one or two days to be in nature every single week. And making sure I'm getting some yoga in every week, too, just to stay mobile, you know, stretch this uh old man body out. So, we've talked a lot
602|about what you should be focused on. I also think it's important to have a notto-do list. Some things that are on my notto-do list, and these may sound a little bit weird, no eating after 8:00 p.m., no extreme fullness. I know
614|sometimes when I get stressed, you know, it's nice to just go and devour a bunch of food, but the truth is I eat too much. Again, I wake up the next day just feeling like [\h__\h] and super groggy, which affects my next morning's routine.
625|No computer or phone in my bedroom, using my bedroom to just get a great sleep, which is a key aspect obviously to deep work. And just making sure that overall like no energy vampires, no
635|people that are going to stress me out unnecessarily. If at the end of the day I look back on my day and there's certain things that have just caused unnecessary [\h__\h] you know, I'm probably going to go and just add those
645|to my notto-do list and make sure I'm more locked in, feeling good, and able to keep on building on the success of the day before. This can seem super rigid, okay? But the truth is once you
655|get into the habit of this, I believe that the constraints that I've just outlined actually breed a lot of creativity. The reality is that as founders, our businesses are changing all the time. There's always a thousand
665|things we can do. And so, it's useful to have a schedule you can rely on. So, you can focus and block out distractions and do the best work of your life. 5:00 p.m. It's time to repeat this whole process
676|all over again. Winding down my day, taking my evening routine super strict so that I'm able to get a really good sleep that night. The biggest hack to
687|going and making sure that you are as creative as possible in your deep work session is really just making sure that you're getting a great sleep. I'm sure you've all been there, right? Those days that you're just not slept very well.
699|It's almost like you're drunk. And the last thing you want to be doing is trying to create a masterpiece the next morning drunk. The magic here comes from not just doing this schedule one day, one week, one month, or one year. I've
711|stuck to this schedule for a decade. This is more or less how I go and embark on every single day of my life. Those constraints that I give myself in this
721|routine allow me to be super creative because I don't need to guess at what I'm going to do the next day. It's more or less this routine every single day. You know, making sure that you're taking care of yourself. The afternoons, you're
732|giving yourself time to then go and chart out your next day all over again and just repeating this cycle. So, I know I've just given you a lot of stuff here in terms of my AM, PM, and evening
742|routine. But the good news is I've gone and synthesized all of this information in a deep work routine system, which you can find in the link in the description. I've gone and given you a checklist of
752|all the core aspects from this video so you can go and implement it in your life today. Intentional founders have an intentional deepwork system, and we've just covered what that looks like. Now,
762|it's up to you to go and implement this so that you can build the intentional business you're after and get more done in four hours than most people get done in 4 days.
