4|This is how I'm going and automating 97% of my business. And I'm just going to show you behind the scenes, raw, unfiltered here, how I'm thinking. So, first things first here, this dashboard here is my project automate. Inside of this, I've gone and listed some of the
15|core insights and strategic plans that we have across my company. Things like, you know, going and upgrading our closing team or implementing more MCP
25|skills to go and upgrade different aspects of what we're doing, or integrating more tools instead of lead magnets, which is something I'm using Claude Code and AI for right now. Overall, in my company, we are shrinking
36|the amount of folks that we have working in the company. We kind of are not hiring much more, and then we are defaulting to automation. So, what we have here, right, is this like, first
46|things first, I can understand from one dashboard my strategy, right? And myself and my leadership team are all aligned around this. From there, I can see all of the weekly actions I need to go and
56|take. Things like, you know, setting up Claude Code for different AI tools we have internally, right? Going and moving our company to a SDK, more of a shared
66|knowledge brain across our company, being able to then also have an orchestrator which, across core processes and workflows that we have, versus even having to have someone pressing an automation and moving, say,
77|you know, a landing page to an offer page on the website to then making email sequences. Simply having an orchestrator that we can speak to the orchestrator,
87|which is an AI or an automation, and that orchestrator inside of Claude Code then knows, okay, if we're spinning up an offer, go and make the landing page, go and make the offer, go and make the
97|email sequences. And then what happens is the humans on the team become more editors that are being queued up different tasks that the orchestrator is saying that we need to get done. So,
108|inside of this dashboard as an example, I can see the weekly actions. I can see the Q2 OKRs across my entire business, right? So that we're all aligned, we know what's going on. You know, this is
118|where the project management piece comes in. And so, there's both a calendar and a Kanban board for what we need to get done. And so, to show you this example, right? As we go and start, you know,
128|completing different tasks, we move those into progress. As those get complete, we move them into completion. And thereby, we're not just setting these goals or just using AI to then use
138|AI and getting lost in AI projects, right? Which I think I think what most companies are doing, right? There's some studies that most companies AI investment leads to zero return. And so, what we're trying to do is make sure
149|when we actually are building AI, we're either reducing costs and or we're increasing profits, right? That's the only reason to use it. So, we've got the calendar that shows up. We've also got a
159|sprint checklist outlining every single piece then of Founder OS in this area, being like the automation and tech side, and what are the different tasks that need to get going. So, getting managed
169|agents in the API going, auto-generating different deliverables that we have to go and get for folks, um making sure that, you know, our authorization flows are all built out. You can also see like
179|different aspects that we're currently automating. You know, we currently are testing out something called Alberto, which will completely go and automate all of the DM flows and outreach inside
189|of the company. On the DM side, it will handle things like LinkedIn, like X. On the cold email side, it can handle outreach using things like Instantly,
199|Apollo to go and find folks that have gone and commented, say on my LinkedIn posts where I have 900 thousand followers over there, and then go and send personalized messages in my voice
209|to those folks. And if they're interested, getting them set up on a call with one of my portfolio companies, depending on which one is right for them. What I like to think about is not just the growth of the revenue that AI
219|is going to contribute to my companies, but also what automations can I put in place that will replace roles in my company. So, that if humans are on the team, they're doing stuff that only humans can do. We don't have people
230|doing stuff that robots can do. Too many people are just vibe coding a bunch of They build all this stuff, but it's not usable. No one on their team knows what's going on. And so, I like to
240|think when I'm building this, my process typically is that I'll take a given leader on the team, say Nick, who's my chief marketing officer, okay? And when Nick and I were making this marketing
251|machine, I went and met up with Nick. We got a nice boardroom, big whiteboard, and Nick and I came prepared going and modeling out the whole marketing apparatus, right? What is every piece of
263|it? What are all the documents and Google Sheets that we have across the whole company? And I wanted to make a rule for ourselves, right? Basically, let's eliminate all of these spreadsheets, and let's build a
273|centralized place where we can understand our metrics, and where we can understand what people are working on, and hold them accountable to certain due dates. And so, similar pattern here. I
284|have the core initiatives across all things across the marketing squad. As we, you know, check off different aspects of this, right? You can see the progress bar for that core initiative
295|gets implemented. The cool thing is is that along with this, right? As we go and work on these things, we can start to also understand which stuff is getting behind, right? Too many founders are
306|just letting open loops populate everywhere in their company. They have these products that are started, but then are never finished, right? And you think when you stack that up, you are just looking at the potential of your
317|business disintegrate, right? Day by day. From there, it's also easier for the manager, in this case Nick, to see every single person on the team, right? Understand what they're responsible for
328|this week, this month, this quarter, all with due dates, all how they're tracking as well, right? And this just allows us to really sync this all. Now, in
338|addition to this, this data is also coming from platforms like Asana, which is where we organize our whole content calendar. And here you can see it just synced, meaning that we go and plug in
348|the API from Asana to this dashboard, so it's getting a live feed about every 3 minutes of anything that's changed over there, right? So, that's the core project management for our content
358|calendar is Asana, and this is the kind of core strategy dashboard for the marketing machine. Cool thing is, you can see every single platform here, as
368|well, LinkedIn, Instagram for me, X, and again, this is all synchronized with our Asana, which is pretty insane. All of our workshops are organized in here.
379|You can also see the different cohorts we have going on. By the way, if you're interested in joining me over six sessions, two weeks, to go and build a beautiful cash-flowing business, I'd
389|recommend you go and check out the link below to cashflow machine, uh which will be six live sessions with me, uh and it's going to be a lot of fun. This is actually something that I was working on
399|with Claire, my sister, just yesterday. So, this is still a work in development, but after a 5-hour whiteboard session, which you can see the whole whiteboard over here, we came to the conclusion that there were some gaps operationally,
410|right? And And I say this just to be real, even with my businesses, right? There's constant constraints, constant problems. It's kind of just how it goes, right? As you're scaling and growing, not staying status quo, you're
421|inevitably embarking in new areas that bring new challenges, right? So, I'm challenged all the time in my daily life, and honestly, I like it that way. So, inside of this, right? Same sort of pattern, right? It's got the command
432|center, it's then got our whole level 10 meeting, and essentially, this is an operating system by which you go and you plan out your year, then your quarter. So, this is the ops machine, right? And
444|this is what allows us to go and deliver on an exceptional founder experience, because this then feeds into things like our founder success machine, which helps us go and make sure that the onboarding
455|inside of FounderUs is seamless. You know, when you go and you join FounderUs, within 24 hours, you're on a call with us, and we're doing a brand deep dive call with you. Understanding
465|your offer, what your current status is on your marketing and positioning, where the gaps may exist, what you're really looking to do with your brand here in 2026, and we start to map out a customized roadmap for you based on
475|exactly what stuff we need to go and build for you right now. Now, by day seven, we've gone and built your entire brand positioning for you. And for by day 21, we built your content GPS. You
487|have all your platform strategy for every single platform that you're on. We then built out your email sequences, your newsletter, and 14 pieces of content across every platform that you're on, which then leads to the next
498|30 days. We're building things like your content machine and all of your content monetization as well. So, we're making sure that you have things like your newsletter, your offer stack, your lead magnets, so that we're going and taking
509|people from your audience across social to your owned audience in your newsletter, and then driving people to your product or service or whatever it may be that you're selling. And so, that is how I'm going and automating 97% of
521|my business. This is going to be an ongoing journey. I'll keep you in the loop. There's a lot of exciting stuff coming. I'm not done yet. Every single day chipping away on this stuff, and I'm going to keep you abreast as the newest tech that I see, so you can have more
532|peace, profit, and purpose in life, and have a ton of fun along the way. So, if you enjoyed this video, you would love Founder OS Velocity. If you're interested, go and check out this video
542|over here where I go deep into how I help you build a social media machine and actually do it for you. So, you can go check out that video. Be sure to go and like and subscribe, and I'll see you in the next one.
