1|Two years ago, I went on a journey to build my personal brand across the four most competitive social channels in the world with a goal of 10xing my audience size and doubling my revenue. Here's what I wanted to prove. If I started to
12|increase these numbers, would it also increase my company's revenue? It's an experiment that every entrepreneur behind a modern founder-led business wants to know. I identified the four
22|most effective channels. I set my benchmarks and tested every strategy I'd heard of and a bunch of madeup ones that I just came up with myself. Here's everything I learned about growing each
33|platform broken down into the four key pillars you must understand to grow on any social
44|platform. The first platform I decided to scale the brand on was X. I started with just 5,000 followers. At the time, it was one of the biggest followings I had on any platform. and my growth here convinced me that this whole experiment
56|could be worth it. Let's start with pillar one of X, platform. I realized that if I wanted to use X to grow my business, not just increase my follower count, I had to share value and help my
66|community. My goal switched from entertaining to offering ideas, playbooks, and systems that could help others grow. Start to absorb what's working and feels good to you and keep
76|track of the posts so you can identify trends and have a source of inspiration and ideation. Once I got an idea of how great accounts operated and studied some of their best work, I needed to figure
86|out how I wanted to share my ideas. That's when I came up with this exercise, the 5-year look back. This is for X, but honestly, this would work for any content platform. I sat down and
98|reflected on how far I've come over the last 5 years. Then I identified specific lessons, experiences, and pieces of knowledge that made me grow the most over those 5 years. I then came up with
108|seven categories to organize everything I could think of around things like mistakes, challenges, insecurities, achievements, biggest lessons, underrated skills, and successful
119|routines. These were the content categories I noticed in high-erforming ex accounts. And when I looked a bit deeper, I noticed something that was quite unique at the time. The content
129|was highly personal. It wasn't that the best or most established experts won on X. Success and growth came from being willing to share from your own life
139|perspective on topics that had mass relatability and appeal. This allowed you to be differentiated in your approach, but universal in your subject matter. The next pillar we want to focus
150|on for X is frequency. For each platform, I tested how often to post to get the best impact. When I first started, I thought I should post all day every day. So, I tried posting five to
161|10 times every day because everyone told me extra rewards posting frequency. But that intense frequency ended up annoying my followers and hurting the performance of every piece of content that I posted
172|that day. So, I finally landed on the sweet spot for growth that was posting one to two times every day. And then four out of the seven days a week, I posted one long form post. These posts
182|were packed with value, but took a lot of time to create. But if I was starting again from scratch, I wouldn't start out this complicated. Just post two times a day and on Thursday and Sunday have one
193|post be a long form thread. Now let's talk about the exact strategy for growing on X. I found that the best performing X post used the following elements. Number one, short sentences did great, usually one per paragraph.
205|Number two, I avoided long paragraphs and made it easily scannable. Number three, I got as specific as possible. Specific numbers, specific details. Generic information dies on X. Number
217|four, I used I and you pronouns to make things as personal as possible. And number five, I realized that I could pack more value into an image than into 280 characters. If you combine a short
227|sentence or two with a powerful image, it often does far better than the text alone. When I put together threads, I use the first post as a headline. The goal is to introduce something interesting or novel that makes
238|followers interested to read more. Then my audience will click on show more to see the rest of the posts that are connected. Threads let you share way more interesting insights, usually in the form of lists, you know, item one,
249|insight two, tip three, that kind of thing. One big difference I discovered between threads and posts are that curiosity phrases and threads help keep people reading. Phrases like, "But
260|there's more, so read on." But I didn't stop there. Let me explain. Here comes the good part. They keep the interest high and the minds of your audience engaged. Because threads take more time
271|to craft, I only posted two per week. Only after I was able to grow my team and practices did I start scaling that up to four times a week. Now for the final pillar of X, conversion. The whole
282|reason I was doing this in the first place was to drive revenue for my business. The best way to do that was to drive traffic to landing pages. Landing pages offer value in exchange for joining an email list. On X, I
293|discovered two primary ways to convert my audience to an email list. The first one was my profile. There's multiple spots that I added CTAs to encourage
303|signups for my newsletter. I updated my banner to make a promise about my content combined with a call to action to join the email list. Then I set my location and link to promote my newsletter. Finally, I pinned my
313|high-erforming thread as my top post on my profile. One thing you have to be aware of on X in many other platforms is that if you add a link to a website outside of X, X isn't as likely to push
324|that post out to the available audience as it would a normal post without an external link. I realized that I could get around this by waiting before I added a link to existing posts. I would
334|post and then wait until the post starts to get a lot of likes and retweets and then at that point I'll add a new post to turn it into a thread and this post will be the call to action to join the
345|email list. the real results of implementing these strategies on my ex over the last 2 years. I started with 5,000 followers and after 2 years of following this exact approach, I was able to grow that to 360,000 followers.
357|This grew my revenue, too, but I'll share those numbers a little later on. Let's talk about LinkedIn. Before my sprint to grow on LinkedIn, I started
368|with just 11,000 followers. To be honest, at first, I thought nothing of this platform. I completely underestimated it. I thought it was just for recruiters and random business
378|updates. When most people start on this channel, they think the same. They feel it's hardly a social network that can have bottom line results. But it's actually insane how many leads LinkedIn
388|drives my business every day. It's actually my number one channel for generating leads. The density of highquality business owners means the leads that come through LinkedIn are much more qualified for business growth,
400|coaching, and consulting communities like mine. LinkedIn uses an algorithmic approach, but it's a lot more connection-based. It's one of the last genuine social networks where virality
410|and reach don't smother the quality of the content that gets pushed out to a wide audience. I found that posting one long- form post on LinkedIn every day
420|kept me top of mind without oversaturating my audience. And the strategy behind each of my posts is also quite intuitive. Since I had poured so much time into X, I just used a lot of
431|the same lessons from X and then just applied those to LinkedIn. Cross-pollinating across textbased platforms is a great way to grow the online presence of your personal brand. But beware, there are differences
442|between X and LinkedIn. Unlike X, I found that short posts on LinkedIn underperformed unless I used a super valued dense image. But for this reason, I almost always find it better to go
454|long form. The first three lines of your LinkedIn post are a textbased thumbnail. Meaning, the goal of the first three lines is to get my audience to click more to read the rest of the post. Make
465|sure your first three lines follow the best practices for attentiongrabbing techniques that you've seen work in your niche. I found that over time, the image you attach to your point itself will
476|drive most of your interest. I treat this image like my post thumbnail. I found that LinkedIn cares more about the length of time that someone's engaging with your post than anything else. I've optimized a primarily long- form post
488|list once a day with a really engaging image that takes a while to read. Here are three examples of LinkedIn posts with all the ingredients to high performance we just discussed. The
498|process of converting people on LinkedIn to customers is pretty similar to X, but LinkedIn is even better at giving you way more ways to add links. The best places I've discovered for conversion
509|are my cover photo image, my bio text, the CTA that appears under my name every time I post, the featured sections of my profile, and finally at the end of my
519|LinkedIn post. Now, let's look at the results. I started LinkedIn with 11,000 followers and over 12 months posting in line with all the strategies I just shared with you. I was rated the fastest
529|growing creator on the platform by Taplio, growing at over 110,000 subscribers a month and generating 59 million monthly organic impressions, all
539|while spending 0 on ads. That's like $340,000 a month in free advertising. So, in the span of 2 years, I went from 11,000 to $760,000 followers on
550|LinkedIn. Who would have thought? Now, I started my YouTube sprint with a grand total of zero
560|subscribers. When I started, I thought YouTube was too hard to get going. I was nervous to be in front of the camera. I had no video equipment. I didn't think there was anything valuable I could even talk to people about that people would
571|even want to watch. I was wrong. Perfectionism is the enemy. I refrained my initial approach on YouTube to better calibrate my expectations. I made it a goal to become great at cinematography
581|in video composition and gave myself a bunch of runway for the next 3 years. I played the long game. I told myself I'd do this by making each video 10% better
591|than the last one. Improving scripts, hooks, thumbnails, titles, and everything else that makes a video go viral. YouTube as a platform has huge diversity. But just like X and LinkedIn,
603|you want to follow people who are winning in your niche and learn what works for them and then model them. When we talk about frequency on YouTube, I've discovered that the best frequency varies a lot based on the kind of
614|content that you're trying to make. If you're just starting out, a video a week is fine. If you're keeping production light and not working with a big team, if you're trying to be more polished, you might want to slow down a bit and
625|begin with two videos a month, even once a month to get a feel for the platform. Scale up only when you feel you have the quality there and the bandwidth. Do not burn yourself out chasing some
635|unsustainable cadence. What really determines how well my top videos have performed is a combination of three factors: the idea, the title, and the thumbnail. If a video's idea is
646|thoughtfully researched, validated, and tailored to my target audience, it outperforms any other video where the idea was less strategic regardless of the production quality. And if the idea
657|is not packaged using a strong thumbnail or title, then no one's going to click on your great idea. And if they don't click, they don't watch. And if they don't watch, it becomes a sad day to be
668|posting on YouTube. Next, the idea should be novel and appear to core, casual, and new viewers. If it's just helpful to new people or experts, it won't drive as many views once it gets
678|pushed out to a wider audience. When designing the title of the video, you'll want to keep in mind familiar phrase structures paired with eye-catching and search relevant words. The title should further provide context to the value
689|that you're going to actually deliver in the video so potential viewers have an accurate understanding of what they will get in return for them clicking on the video and watching it. The title should
699|stop viewers in their tracks. But the title doesn't work alone. This is because of the thumbnail. The holy grail of YouTube strategy fixation is often on that thumbnail. The goal of a thumbnail
710|is to build massive intrigue and open a question loop that is so irresistible it can only be satisfied by watching the video. It would not be an overstatement to say that the idea plus the title plus
721|the thumbnail equals 90% of the formula for my YouTube success. One of the hardest but most powerful ways to convert people is generating a helpful offer built into the video itself. If
732|you can share useful resources in the description and then give it to anyone willing to share their email, you convert a lot of viewers to email subscribers that way. But it has to be good and relevant to the video and it
743|has to be worth slowing down your video to share. The results for my YouTube journey are still very much a work in progress. I started with zero subscribers and now 2 years in, we've grown that to over 136,000 subscribers.
760|Rewind two years and my personal Instagram page had just 4,500 followers. Over time, I started to think of my Instagram as a variety show. I have carousels, photos from my daily adventures, reels around specific
770|systems, and tons of value per second to encourage people to save my content and then share it with five friends. I realized frequency boils down to three formats: reels, posts, and stories.
782|Reals are 90-second vertical videos. When I posted reels, they would go out to the audience I was building, but they also went out to Instagram's algorithm for video sharing, which means people see my videos when they're swiping
793|through other videos on Instagram. Posts are one or more images or media that go mainly to those who are following me already. This is great for continuing to nurture my core audience. Stories are a
804|series of posts that are only available for a little while before disappearing. I discovered these are great for sharing a little bit more behind the scenes, micro updates on my life, and for sharing more about upcoming events or
815|business offers. I eventually arrived at this posting frequency. One reel a day so that my videos reach a bigger audience. One post a day so my existing audience engages and is rewarded for
825|following and two to five stories a day to share what previous posts, mini updates, or drive email signups or sales. By now, I have a full-scale team keeping this posting cadence in check.
835|If you're just starting out, make this your goal and scale slowly and sustainably. Here's what's performed the best in the past 2 years. I have two main types of videos. Talking head
846|videos and animated videos. I found that for 90 secondond videos, I can sit down for one long writing session and create up to 30 scripts for those short form videos. These are usually about 120
856|words long. And if I do that, it's going to be roughly 2 months of content written all at once. Then I can just go and film them and then share them with my editor. The scripts themselves follow a similar format to other platforms,
867|usually list-based. I focus 80% of my time on the first 10 seconds of that video with most of that time going towards the first 3 seconds and usually start with one of these four power
877|words. I, I've, when or if. For my post, I will occasionally post a single photo if it's really useful, like a photo of my notebook. But usually, I found that
888|raw carousels perform best. Raw carousels are posts that share multiple raw photos, memes, behind the scenes, or day in my life lifestyle content. These work because they showcase my
898|personality and human side, and they drive engagement and increase reach. Stories are the third example. You can just post interesting moments from your camera roll, say hi with short form videos if you want to go and connect
908|with your audience and just have fun with it. Or you can use stories to share promotional content, which leads us to conversion. I spent a lot of time cracking the system for Instagram
918|because I saw the potential to make a lot of money. I set up my bio to be well written and have a link there to my newsletter. Then I use stories at a cadence of a few times a week. I'm going
928|to create a story that links to my newsletter or other promotions. I make sure that those promotional stories are only about 20% of my total stories. Next, I use captions. For some of my
938|posts, I'll add a CTA that drives people to join my newsletter. And finally, I use direct messages or DMs. This works by adding a CTA button to a story that prompts a direct message conversation.
949|Okay, so how did this all pay off over the last 2 years? In 2 years of work on Instagram, I grew from zero followers to over 900,000 followers. This is by far the biggest glow up across all the
960|platforms, but it was also the platform that I put the most effort into.
971|I talk a lot about the content GPS, but I want to actually give you a checklist that you can follow so you make sure you have every core element of the GPS implemented. And so, let's get started here. You know, 2 years ago, believe it
982|or not, I only had 43,000 followers across every platform. Before that, you know, I started from zero, just like you. And today, well, I have over 2.8 million followers across X, LinkedIn,
993|Tik Tok, Instagram, and YouTube. and I run a portfolio of profitable companies and the size of that portfolio is only possible because of the audience and the content that I put out there. I'm able
1004|to travel the world. I have freedom and I was just in Japan currently in Bali, Indonesia. I'm heading to Wyoming, then Austin, probably then back to Bali. So, you know, I'm able to travel the world and control where I work, what I work
1014|on, when I work, uh, and who I work with. And this is really what brings me joy. And all while I've spent zero dollars on ads, this is all from organic content. So, what I want to show you
1024|here is my system so you can go and steal it. First off, let's talk about the content GPS component starting with your platform strategy. You got your content system, your audience growth system, and your conversion engine. And
1035|we're going to get into each part of this um in the next few minutes, as well as how to go and build an amazing team. Because at the end of the day, you want to make sure that you're not just growing your personal brand, but that I think you should be focused on growing a
1046|personal media company so that you're not just the one doing all the things and on some content hamster wheel. You want to have the systems and the people in place to make it enjoyable, to have fun, so you can focus on the stuff you love to do and delegate all the stuff
1057|that just does not bring you joy. So the content GPS looks something like this. Okay, at the top here you have your personal media company where you have all the different platforms that you're on, right? X, LinkedIn, Tik Tok,
1067|YouTube, Instagram. From there, you want to be growing that audience, but you need to drive them from your rented audience, right, to your owned audience. You know, you're not Zuck, you're not Musk, you don't own those people on X or
1078|on LinkedIn. So you need to drive them to a newsletter. If you're getting started, you may use something like ConvertKit. If you're more experienced, I currently use HubSpot because it's a lot more powerful, but it's also a little bit more pricey. From there, we're driving folks to leads, right, and
1089|driving applications to my different portfolio companies. And then we're converting those people either via a sales page or a sales call to then customers inside of the actual product or service that I'm offering. We make
1100|sure that we have an unbelievable customer experience, right? Where those people want to refer their friends, they want to recommend us, they want to leave reviews, and that creates a profit flywheel. Well, then those people will
1110|go tell their friends, they drive more customers, and this organically just starts growing itself. And this is how I've been able to build all of my businesses without spending a dime on ads. Now, when I think about the four big platforms that I think are most
1121|important to be focused on right now, it's X if you're really good at writing and you want to go, you know, writing first. YouTube is great for long- form authority. You know, on YouTube, you really develop deep relationships with
1131|people because they're seeing you, they're hearing you either on a weekly or bi-weekly basis, and it's a great place to build rich one-to-one relationships with your audience. Also, YouTube is the largest video search
1141|engine in the world. So, when people are searching for core terms around what you do, they're going to find you, and that's super valuable, as I'm sure you can understand. On Instagram is great for visual storytelling. And we put a
1151|lot of work at Founder OS into our brand, into our aesthetic, and we put a lot of work into the taste behind it. It's a great chance to build a brand, but it's not going to be as deep as growing an audience on YouTube because on Instagram, they're maybe seeing a one
1162|minute post from you, and on YouTube, they're likely watching a 15inute video. So, the level of relationship you're going to build on YouTube is far greater. LinkedIn is amazing because it's essentially this professional network, right? Everyone on there for
1173|the most part are super legit. There's not many bots. And so, what you're going to do is if you're targeting business owners, LinkedIn is incredibly powerful. And I've been able to build an audience there over the last two and a half years of over 783,000 people. Um, and it is a massive
1185|source of leads for my businesses. So, when you think about your content strategy, I think you really want to base it on your brand positioning. So for me that's things like personal brands, founder-ledd brands, systems, organic content. I talk about these
1195|things and those things become, you know, my content strategy. So your content strategy should be coupled with your brand and it should help exemplify it. It should help amplify it versus being disconnected from it where people
1206|don't even know what you do. So on X, here is my operating system or my OS. When you're getting started, I would recommend two threads per week, which are longer form posts on X. You're going
1216|to want to make sure you have curiositydriven CTAs that drive people to your newsletter from your ex content. You want to make sure that you're replying to the community, replying to different comments under your stuff to
1226|help form these more authentic relationships with people. And then you want to make sure you're also repurposing your content, you know, from other platforms and putting it on X. So, I'll share my YouTube videos there. I'll share short form videos there from time
1237|to time. In addition to that, you want to make sure that you have daily content going out at 8:07 a.m. in whatever time zone your dream customer is in. So for me, you know, it's people in EST primarily, and so I go and make sure
1248|that my content on X comes out every single morning at that time. And then I have another post at around 2 p.m. every single day. So these are examples of the different hooks that I write for X. And it's important that you're using tools like Tweet Hunter X to go and dial your
1258|content in. So you have scroll stopping hooks that stop people in their tracks and hit. Here on the left side, you can see this piece of content I put out on the 10 best Christmas ads of all time. This post got over 292,000 likes, over
1270|32 million organic views without paying a dime on ads. So pretty insane. So you need to make sure that you dial in your hooks cuz if you can't get someone to read your first sentence, they're not
1280|going to read the second sentence or the third. And so making sure that you have a hook that stops people in their tracks is key. You know, this is what's allowed me to go and hit over 31 million views a month on X and at times grow my
1291|following by over 7,000 followers a week. And so I have a writing workflow that I use on these platforms, right? I have all my ideas in a Google sheet. I then go and write these things or I get
1301|help from someone on my team. We then go and add designs to them and images to make them much more multimedia enriched so they stand out more and again stop the scroll which is the goal. And then we distribute this. I have a social
1311|manager on my team that puts it out there. And then that social manager is monitoring performance and then letting us know what content did the best on the given platform. What's the stuff that did the worst and then bubbles up content ideas based on what they're
1321|seeing from our content and other high performing content on the given platform. So this is what my writing workflow works like. You don't need to do the exact same thing I'm doing, but I think this will serve as some inspiration for you as you scale up. So,
1332|let's get into my LinkedIn operating system or my OS. So, what I love to have are valued dense images because LinkedIn rewards you for having quality time on post. And so, images almost act as like
1342|your thumbnails, stopping the scroll and getting people to spend more time on your post, which then causes the algorithm to go and boost that post to more people um in your follower base. In addition to that, we have quality CTAs
1352|that drive people from the given post to my newsletter where then they join to get one proven system every single week from me and if they're interested in working with me or one of my companies, they can go and apply to join. From there, I love long- form storytelling
1363|because again, we want quality time on posts. So, longer form posts work much better on LinkedIn. You know, you want to make sure that they're scannable, easy to understand, using language that's easy to understand for an eighth grader so that they're easily consumed
1374|and then shared with others. You know, the main thing that LinkedIn rewards is repost. So, we want to always be engineering our content so that someone will go and share that piece of content with five of their friends. In addition to that, you want to make sure you have
1384|a profitable profile set up. So, you're looking at things like your cover photo, link in bio, your featured section, your profile photo, and making sure it's professional and it's engineered to drive people from awareness through to joining your community and then
1394|transacting with you. Lastly, just like everything, right, your community engagement is super important. And making sure that your featured section is updated with a product link to drive people to actually work with you and then a newsletter link to convert people
1405|from your rented audience on LinkedIn to your own audience in your newsletter. Okay? And then again, on these platforms, I like to have the post go out there around 8:04 a.m. EST every single morning, 7 days a week. Again,
1416|remember though for you, if you're just starting, the best content strategy is the one that you can stick with. So don't feel like you need to post every day, just like I do. for you. If four posts on LinkedIn are the limit and that's what works for you, then just do
1426|that again, right? Like consistency is key. So, this exact strategy I just showed you is what has allowed me to grow my LinkedIn in some months at over 102,000 followers a month, generating
1436|over 59 million organic views. You know, just a few months ago, I was ranked as the fastest growing creator on LinkedIn. And so, what I'm showing you here, it genuinely works. Here, you can see all the different components of what make up
1447|a profitable profile on LinkedIn. The cover photo with a clear CTA to my newsletter. I have all the relevant links in there. So, I'm driving people to my product, driving people to my newsletter, making sure it looks professional and it's all on brand. So,
1457|that that first impression, which is everything, really convinces people that I'm legit and in one way or another, they kind of get involved with the different things I got going on. Here you can see an example of a valued dense
1467|image, which, you know, gives people a ton of value and then causes them to go and again likely repost, which is a core metric I'm trying to drive in every single one of my posts. And it also causes them to join my newsletter. So,
1478|I'm bringing people from my LinkedIn audience to my newsletter and I'm currently growing that at around 8,000 subscribers per month organically from LinkedIn. So, pretty insane. In addition to that, if you need to come up with
1488|different ideas for the platforms, here is my chat GBT prompt um which will also go link below um via the link in the description. You can go and use this prompt to come up with 30 plus content ideas in just 30 seconds. It's super
1499|powerful. I've customized it just for you um so that if you ever feel like you hit writer's block, well, say no more. that should be gone because this prompt is a beast and will help you out. All right, now let's get into your YouTube
1509|operating system. This is YouTube OS. Okay, first off, your description on your YouTube videos is a great place where you can go and drive people to your newsletter and your product or service. And so, you want to make sure that you dial that in intentionally, and
1519|you can go just check out my descriptions to see how I do this. From there, you want to make sure that you're playing the long game. YouTube is not going to be one overnight. Just like most things in life, it's going to take
1529|long-term consistency. So versus focusing on say growing to 100,000 subscribers, I would much rather focus on the craftsmanship of creating quality videos and making the goal of I'm going to go and make 50 videos that I am proud
1540|of this year or over the next 2 years. That is a great goal that focuses more on the process versus the outcome. In addition to that, I think it's important on the platform like YouTube to focus on
1550|quality over quantity. Unlike other platforms, YouTube really rewards you for really giving people a ton of value, keeping an amazing aesthetic, great taste, and making sure that things like your lighting, your sound, your video is
1560|really dialed in. So, you can just start with an iPhone, right? You don't need to have some fancy equipment to start. But with each video, focus on getting 10% better each and every time. Now, your thumbnail, your title, which is called
1570|your packaging, is going to be about 80% of the battle, right? If you can't get someone to click on their video, you're not going to get them to watch the whole thing. So, getting that click is imperative. And your title and your thumbnail need to be curiosityinducing.
1581|maximize the intrigue to get people to click in and watch your content. I like to focus in all of my content on this metric, which is an insane value per second. Every single second, I want to
1591|make sure that I'm giving people so much value that they can't help but watch and then eventually share the video with five friends. You know, my goal is that in the comments of any single video that I create that people go and comment, "Damn, Matt, I cannot believe this is
1602|free." You know, that means to me that I'm putting enough effort in these videos, delivering enough value, um, that I'm helping founders just like you, and I'm fulfilling my mission of inspiring 100 million founders just like you to accomplish their dreams through
1613|proven systems. So, this is where I started, right? You know, it was me filming videos off of an iPhone with a super janky setup in Porto Escanido, Mexico. It was pretty embarrassing to be
1623|honest, but I'm proud of myself, right? Cuz I just got started and I focus on just putting in the reps week after week, getting 1% better every day, 10% better every week. And sure enough, you know, a year later, I was 37 times
1634|better. And here's where I am now, right? Some of my videos have gotten over 500,000 views. You know, I'm regularly getting videos over 100,000 views. So, like a hundred times better than when I started. But that would not
1644|have been possible if I just didn't put in the reps. Mr. Beast has this amazing quote that I love. You know, he went and was asked by someone, you know, how do I go and get amazing at YouTube? And what
1654|he tells them is, hey, all you need to do is make a 100 videos and improve something every time. Do that. And then on your 101st video, we'll start talking because you learn from the doing, right? Not from sitting on the sidelines, from
1664|getting in the game, moving from the stands to in the arena. That is where you learn. And so get started now to start putting in the reps. And you'll see each video you'll get 10% better. And before you know it, you'll be hitting bangers. So again, focusing on
1676|packaging is imperative, right? So we'll go and test a bunch of different thumbnails. We'll test those thumbnails in YouTube's AB testing tool to keep on dialing in um our clickability of any given packaging of all of our videos. In
1688|addition to that, in the hooks of our videos, I'll often times go and record three different hooks, and then we'll go and choose the one that feels the best for really going and getting someone's attention and introducing the value we're going to give in the road map in
1698|the rest of the video. So, you may be wondering, well, what's your process for making videos, Matt? And what parts are you involved in? So, I like to think of it as this flow. And for me, I'm involved in actually coming up the ideas, writing them out, and making sure
1709|the ideas then are flushed out. From there, I film them, right? Because I'm the creator behind this founder-led brand. But the editing, the publishing, the repurposing, the analytics, that is people on my team that goes and handles
1719|all the rest of that stuff. So I can focus on the stuff that only I can do. Everything else is handled by others. Let's get into Instagram OS here. So you want to make sure that you have your profitable profile set up with an amazing bio that's consistent. It's on
1731|brand. It's inspiring. You want to make sure that you have your Instagram stories going out every day, probably three to five. And we post two times a day on Instagram. One carousel and one Instagram reel. You want to make sure you have your real strategy dialed in so
1742|you can keep up with that quantity over time. Again though, if you're just getting started, the best content strategy is the one you can stick with. So you you can only do say three reels a week. Just stick with that. From there, I really love carousels. And on the last
1752|card of my carousel, I'll go and have a call to action that then drives people to my newsletter. So again, I'm driving people from the audience on Instagram to my newsletter. And then we use Many Chat automations. You know, ManyHat is a tool
1762|that allows you to go and send automated automations and DMs on autopilot when people use a certain word under your post, story, a real, whatever it may be. And so it's a super powerful tool for driving people to a given lead magnet
1773|you may be releasing. And I'd recommend that you go and check this out. So when I'm growing on any of these platforms, I'm always looking at the data and we're doubling down on what's working and stopping the formats that are no longer working. So as an example on Instagram,
1783|we saw that our animated videos were blowing up as well as our raw carousels on the platform. So we doubled down on that format, which we saw working. And along the way, there's been a lot of formats that are just like dead bodies
1793|along the way, right? There's a graveyard of formats that never worked that we just stopped doing those things. Now, this is my content calendar. This lays out the different quantity that
1803|we're posting certain kinds of formats on each of the platforms. You don't need to stick to this content calendar. I would recommend initially that you pick one or two platforms to start. If you like writing most, then go to X or LinkedIn. If you like video most, go to
1814|a platforms like YouTube, Instagram or Tik Tok. And remember that just keep up with the quantity that you can stick with. Don't go too far too fast because you want to keep it sustainable. Keep it fun because winning on any of these
1824|platforms is about longevity, about staying in the game and not burning out. This is my content waterfall system that allows me to turn one piece of content into 24 other pieces of content. So we'll go take one XRE and that'll become
1835|things like a newsletter in eight weeks. It'll become part of the script for a long form YouTube video. We'll use it for things like you know short form Instagram reels or short form YouTube shorts. So when we go and create one
1845|amazing idea on X, it doesn't just become that, right? we are able to repurpose that piece of content which allows us to get that much of an ROI from my time, my energy, my creativity because one idea can become many other
1857|ideas um and pieces of content across all platforms. So when it comes into the revenue side, right? Because we're not just looking to build followers here. We're looking to grow dollars. You want to make sure that you have your offer structure dialed in. Your CTA placement
1868|needs to be immaculate across all platforms. And I'll show you that in here in one second. You want to make sure that your landing pages are all designed immaculately so we're driving people from visitors to customers. You want your newsletter page optimized so
1879|you're driving people from your newsletter landing page to subscribers. This is what my CTA system looks like. So these are all of the CTA areas or call to actions that you can have across each platform. I would recommend taking
1889|a screenshot of this and then going and reflecting on each of your platforms. Do you have all of these CTA set up so that when you think about your audience, right? It's like this massive ocean of attention. You want to make sure that
1899|you're using call to actions across those platforms to basically form a net where you're kind of catching the fish. And so your CTAs allow you to go and take all those eyeballs you're generating and drive them into leads and eventually into revenue for your
1910|business. This is what my sort of distribution schedule looks like in a given month. So for the most part throughout the month, anything that's marked here as an N, I'm promoting my newsletter in my CTAs. Then for around
1920|10 days of the month, I'm promoting a workshop that I run that is a free training for founders and CEOs to help them level up their business. So again, roughly 20 days a month, my CTAs lead to newsletter signups and 10 days a month,
1931|they lead to workshop signups. Now, let's get over to the time freedom spot because it's all good to build an audience, but as you're growing your content, you don't want to be doing everything right. You're going to need some help. I believe in building
1941|personal media companies, not just personal brands. And the difference between the two is that a personal media company is when you have a team of weapons that are helping you scale up and you're working on only stuff that you can do. A personal brand is when you're the sole creator. And while
1951|that's fine to get started, I think that CEOs generally have ambitions of being the CEO of a media company versus being the sole creator. Because again, the enemy is burnout. And so when you have more systems and more people, you get
1962|more help. So first off, you probably want a tech lead, right? Someone to help you actually orchestrate your entire funnel behind the scenes, right? Things like Web Flow for your website, HubSpot for your CRM, and making sure that, you
1972|know, Stripe and things are set up for your checkout. You probably want a video editor, right? Probably someone to be handling your short form videos for reals and for shorts. And then another person to maybe be handling your long form videos over time because you should
1982|be creating things and be maybe the talent on camera, but not be the one actually editing every single video because that can get exhausting. Your social manager is basically your chief distribution officer. They're making
1992|sure that all your content goes out um to the highest quality possible on each of the platforms at the right time without any mistakes. Your content manager is someone that can help you go and come up with ideas, help you kind of
2002|manage this team over time so you can focus on more important parts of the business that drive you revenue and have this content operation running on autopilot. Graphic designers are super important because I think that quality
2012|is the ultimate pattern drop and taste is the ultimate competitive advantage. And so having amazing design is going to set you apart in your industry. Lastly, along the way, right, you need to make sure that every single system across
2023|your content, the different platforms, your calendar, how you orchestrate different formats is all documented. And this is the sort of documentation that we provide people like you with inside of Founder OS. Along the way, don't lose sight of the fact that while there's all
2034|these systems and there's revenue and you're running a business, you know, I like to focus on being an artist over an entrepreneur. I like to focus on the creativity, the design, the taste, the script, the copy, the artistry, the
2045|cinematography, the lighting. All of those elements really excite me. And the numbers are important. And sure, you know, we got to make sure that the business is thriving. Don't get me wrong, but I feel like actually when you focus most on the creativity, the love
2056|of the process, the ins and outs of the details, the business just tends to take care of itself. So along the way as you're creating your content, just really remember to unleash your full
2066|creative potential. spend time, you know, creating beautiful designs. Really enjoy how you're showing up. Have fun, right? Just be creative. Do what you
2076|love, right? Don't do what everyone else is doing. Focus on the things that are authentically you, right? Because at the end of the day, that's what's going to really attract people is your personality, your design, your energy. This is the stuff that's going to help
2087|you stand out. So, over the next 30 days, it's important that we take action. So, I'd recommend that you go and you dial in your brand positioning. Where do you separate yourself from everyone else in your space? Get your content bank going and aim to create 20
2098|pieces of content over the next month. Go and set up your profitable profile in each of the different platforms that you exist on. Make sure you have a systems documented to drive more freedom in your life. Get a newsletter landing page going with a platform like ConvertKit or
2109|Web Flow so you can go and drive people from your audience to subscribers. On the 90-day side of things, these are the sort of metrics I would be looking at. Weekly follower growth, email list growth, and then just your own energy,
2119|right? making sure that you're continually enjoying the process and you're being consistent because at the end of the day, consistency wins. These are the sort of metrics that you could be looking to track across the different
2129|platforms. Things like your follower growth, your best posts every month, your worst posts every month, coming up with different content ideas, your revenue the last 30 days, and your profit the last 30 days so that you're growing a profitable media empire, which
2141|is the key thing here, right? We want to make sure that as we're growing all this content, we're growing our team that it's sustainable so we can stay in the game long term because like anything, right? content and your audience are like an asset and they compound over
2152|time. So the key thing is that we're making sure that asset is self- sustaining, it's systemized, it's fun, and it's working well so that we can see those big returns over the long term,
2162|which is the sort of mindset you want to have along the way. Remember that slow is smooth, smooth is fast. You know, you're not going to get all this stuff overnight, right? It's going to take a second, and that's just part of the process. So fall in love with it, enjoy
2173|it, really loosen your grip on, you know, perfectionism, right? Perfectionism kills creativity. Take time to just love the process, love the creativity, lean into the artistry
2183|behind all you're doing, and people will be able to feel that and that's going to allow your audience to compound and your business to grow. So, this is what my profitable profile on X looks like as an example. You can see I got a great headshot there, you know, looking good.
2194|I got my uh dialed in kind of core copy and my cover photo driving people to my newsletter, which then is linked there as well. So, people would go from my audience to my newsletter page. You see, when you open this, you land on a no
2204|scroll landing page. So on this page, you can't scroll, right? And you basically are being prompted to just drive people from this page to my newsletter where they're going to get one proven system to grow their business every single week for free. So let's
2216|move on to my Instagram profile. My Instagram profile, you can see here we've driven over 96,000 followers there. People can go and see that I have proven systems to grow a profitable audience with content. If they want to
2226|work with me, they can DM scale and then there's an many chat automation that goes and sends them the relevant information to get started. You can also see here in the link in bio, I've gone and linked my newsletter. So again, driving people from Instagram to the
2236|newsletter. Along the way, I view Instagram almost like it's a variety show. So we have raw carousels, animated videos, we have talking head videos, we have different photos and different sorts of designs and graphic designs
2247|that we use to basically just give people a taste of my brand and my personality. I put a lot of work into this, a lot of taste into this, a lot of creative energy because that's just what I love to do. And I think that Instagram
2257|is this mood board for the kind of brand I want to create, which is really an inspiring brand, a brand that stands for freedom, that's aspirational, that shows founders that you can run a business and have a vibrant life. And you don't need
2268|to run a business that just runs you into the ground. And I think that my Instagram exemplifies that. On the LinkedIn side, you want to make sure that you have your profitable profile dialed in. And the key elements come down to your cover photo, your amazing
2279|profile pick, hopefully, uh, and that you got your featured section dialed in with one link that drives your product, and one link that drives to your newsletter, so we're driving more subscribers there. On any given post, the big thing is that you want to make
2290|sure that you have a scroll stopping hook. You have long form value that's easily scannable, so people can easily digest this and then save it and share it with their friends. You also want to make sure that you have your value dense
2302|image dialed in so that you're increasing the time on post which is going to help your post go and be on more people's news feeds. In addition, you want to have a dialed in CTA. So my CTA here is enjoy this. We post it to
2313|your network and follow Mac for more. Want more systems to scale peacefully? Join our community of 137,000 plus subscribers today. And then I drive people to my newsletter link. So here you can see on my YouTube on any given video in the description here, I go and
2324|have a really intentional description. And we've tested this a bunch and this is what works. And so we have a link there where people can go and apply to Founder OS to work directly with me and my team. They can also go and join my
2335|newsletter. So core CTAs inside of the description that lead people from a YouTube viewer to someone that's more within my network and has closer proximity to me. And so you probably
2345|want to go and check out my descriptions and use those as templates for how you go and create your YouTube descriptions and dial in your growth on the platform. All right, that's it. Welcome to the founder freedom movement. Like and subscribe and let's win
