1|Here's what nobody tells you about reading books. Most of them are useless. But a few of them have the power to rewire how you think about money, health, focus, and business. Over the last decade, I've read hundreds of
11|books. Not to sound smarter, but to rewire how I think about the four quadrants of life. In this video, I'm breaking down the exact books that help me think differently than 99% of people. Let's start with the first quadrant,
22|business. Let's start with business because the way you think about money and focus changes how you think about everything else. The One Thing by Gary Keller. If you're waking up with 17 priorities and then going to bed and
33|feeling as if nothing's moved, this one's for you. The One Thing showed me that success is about saying no to almost everything. The core focus of this book is that ruthless prioritization is what's going to help
43|you go and get extraordinary results. And so, you know, the one question that he really gets you to think about in this book is what's the one thing that when you do it, it makes everything else
54|easier or unnecessary. You know, in life, what I see with so many founders and just people that I work with is that, you know, at the end of the day, people think they don't have time. When really what they don't have right is
64|their priorities. And oftentimes, as Gary goes over in this book, it's about taking a bit of space from everything for a second to think about, you know, what is that one big thing that when you
75|get that done in life, everything else is so much easier. You know, for me, it helped me reflect on, you know, my own one thing, which is to create
85|exceptional content. You know, when I create exceptional content, we drive leads to my business. We're able to build this revolutionary brand for founders. And so, it helped me get a ton
95|of clarity and something that, you know, I've taken with me for the rest of my life. But knowing what to focus on only matters if people actually understand what you do. Obviously, awesome by April Dunford. You know that feeling when
106|someone asks you what you do and then you have to describe it in three different ways so that they actually understand it. That's the case, this book is for you. This book flipped how I think about positioning. You know, it's
116|not what you sell, it's how you frame it. You know, the real core idea behind this book is that people don't spend enough time actually thinking about their positioning of a product. You know, I know 14 years ago running an
127|agency that I was selling a bundle of goods and it was so complex because we had to slap together all these different things that people didn't really know exactly what we sold. And the issue
137|wasn't that the product didn't work. It was that our positioning just confused people. And when people are confused, they close their wallets. This book goes over how to go about positioning your
148|product so it actually sells all the way through to how to create a sales script for your sales team so they know how to accurately communicate your product to the market. It's a no-brainer as a high
158|performance individual. Once I learned how to focus and frame, the next lesson was how to go and scale a business and the people of it fast. Invent and wander by Jeff Bezos. Terrified of sitting on a
168|decision because you're scared that you're just going to go and screw it up. This book will fix that. Bezos taught me that most decisions are reversible. So stop overthinking them. There's this concept in the book, you know, which really is just a culmination of like 20
179|years of Amazon shareholder letters where you start to learn this concept as an example, two-way doors versus one-way doors. One-way doors in life are those things that when you make that decision
189|once, you know, it's hard to kind of turn back from there. An example is if you go and buy a super expensive domain for your company and you know, you brand a company a certain way, like that's one of those decisions that's going to be
199|pretty difficult now to go and change your mind on although still possible. Two-way decisions are the decisions that most of us get faced with every single day. You know, what should we eat for
209|dinner? Should we hire this person? Should we build this system or that one? The reality is is that at some point, you just got to make the decision with imperfect information. That's just one of a thousand lessons from this book.
219|I'd argue that Jeff Bezos is probably a top five business thinker to ever live. And so, this book is a must. But building with speed only matters if you're building something that lasts.
230|And that's where Ryan Holidayiday comes in. Perennial Seller by Ryan Holidayiday. Tired of building things that are good for a week and then just vanish? Well, this book taught me to build for decades instead. So much of
240|online businesses and the culture that we just live in today is all about following a trend or building something impactful over the next year. It becomes much more fascinating and I think just a
250|lot more motivating to go and try to build a timeless iconic brand for the next 100, 200 years. You know, look at some of the brands maybe that you most
260|admire. LVMH or Nike or Apple, right? These brands have been around for 50 years and it's more than likely that they're going to be around for another hundred or 200. As you're going and
271|creating that next book you're about to write or maybe an art piece or a piece of content, you know, this book really encouraged me to start thinking way more long term about the projects that I'm building. Not thinking in a year or 5
282|years or even 10 years. You know, how can I create an upcoming book for Founder OS that people are still referring to in a 100red years from now. This book will get you thinking a lot bigger about those creative pursuits and
293|I think is a must readad as well. All of this matters, but nothing's going to work if your culture is slow. Amp it up by Frank Slubman. Your team's comfortable, your culture is nice, and
303|your growth has completely flatlined. Sound familiar? Amp it up reminded me that culture isn't about vibes, it's velocity. You know, Frank Slugman's energy after reading this book, honestly, I found it infectious. And it
314|showed me that in order to make change happen and to get to this big vision that I have in life, I need to amp it up. Which to me sort of means like any given moment, any given hour in a
324|company, you have the opportunity to really push the boundary or on the other side to kind of kick back and be more chill. We have big visions of what we're trying to build. You always want to be
334|pushing the envelope hour by hour, day by day, week by week. And it's, you know, this book allowed me to start building companies that were more like sports teams versus families. High
345|performers that have fun when we're winning. And once you're moving fast, here's how you make what you're building irresistible. The luxury strategy by John Caffer and Vincent Bastion. Ever
355|wonder why luxury brands have 10x the prices and have 10x the demand with people lining up around the corner to pay? This book cracked the code for me. One of the quotes I love in this book is
365|that luxury is the art of creating the unnecessary and making it desirable. When I go and think about many of the businesses I'm building, when it comes to the brand, the experience, how people
375|feel, I want it to feel like this luxury experience. You know, these ideas of symbols, creating a community around what you're building, and often times going to distances, not because you have
386|to, but because the general brand and this experience you're trying to create requires that. I think there's a lot of inspiration that we can find from them and bring them in to our companies and
396|the experiences that we create. A lot of these brands stand the test of time because they just go so far with the actual handmade aspect of the brand that just creates something that people can't
407|help but line up for, right? And pay through the roof for as well. That's business. Six books, six mental models. Now, let's talk about something that's a little bit close to home. Your health
417|and personal performance. Now, while you're going through all these, you may be suffering from certain problems you're having going or you have big goals in life. And what I've done is I've synthesized my entire reading list via the link in the description. And
428|I've put each book that I think is a must- readad and then why you should read it and what it will help you solve. So, if you're interested in checking that out, go and check it out via the link in the description. Your body and
439|attention are the operating system that everything around you runs on. So, if you're not paying attention to them, you know you're going to suffer. These are the books that showed me how to work, rest, and focus. And what I learned is
449|it's not just about the outputs in life. It's about what you actually input into your system to thrive as much as you can. Deep Work by Callen Newport. Busy
459|all day, but you can't remember the last time you created something that actually mattered and that you were proud of. Well, start here. Deep Work taught me that focused attention is the new unfair advantage. People do the most shallow
471|work ever. a little 30 minute thing here, checking emails first thing in the morning, you know, checking social media as soon as they wake up. But what we've lost sight of as humanity is that the real genius, the real art, the real
482|beauty that has been created around us, most of that has been created from deep work. Know that sacred time that you have every day to block out all
492|distractions and work on the thing that is most important, that's going to move you forward in the biggest way possible. You know, these days now, I wake up every day and from 8:00 a.m. till noon
502|every day, I have 4 hours of uninterrupted time to work on the stuff that only I can do. You know, if you're looking to go and accomplish a masterpiece with your life, this book is
512|a must. But focus without boundaries is just burnout with better lighting. Essentialism by Greg Macau. If you say yes to everything and secretly resent half the things on your calendar, you
522|need this. This book taught me that saying no is how you protect what matters. If you don't prioritize your life, no one else will. You know, there's constantly different things tugging at our time. You know, family
532|have obligations. Society asks us to do certain things. Work comes up. And at the end of the day, we can lose track of, you know, what we're really trying to accomplish and how we want to go and
543|live our lives. This book taught me that less but better, right? doing less things, filling my schedule with less stuff, going and surrounding myself with less people, and focusing on quality
554|relationships, quality work, quality days versus just being busy all the time. And once you've cleared the noise, here's how you think bigger. The Magic of Thinking Big by David Schwarz. This
565|book is going to give you the kick in the ass you need. This book taught me one thing. Action cures fear. And most of us think way too small in life. You know, when I think about, you know, the
576|big vision I have for my life, the big way I want to go and manage my lifestyle, the big vision that I have for Founder OS and my team and the businesses and the community, the real thing that comes there, right, is the gap between, you know, where you are in
587|that big vision is action. Action cures fear. You know, when you're not sure, you should send that email, send the damn thing. When you're not sure if you should reach out to that mentor, reach
597|out to them. It's the action that you take that's going to help you bit by bit, tiny win by tiny win, get to where you're looking to go. The Creative Act by Rick Rubin. Remember when you used to
608|have ideas that actually excited you? This book brings that back. Rick Rubin taught me that creativity isn't about output, it's about awareness. You know, this book kind of gives me a sense of like, you know, it's Rick Rubin, this
618|really successful music producer, one of the most iconic, you know, people in the music industry over the last hundred years. It's got this mix of sort of creativity, spirituality, and
629|philosophy. When we think about, you know, pursuing some creative project, often times we make it way too big in our heads. And often times it's, you know, is there that first little action you can take that's going to create that
639|ripple effect that isn't only going to impact the project, but as that project gets released to the world, it's also going to have that amazing ripple effect in terms of the benefit you're going to have to thousands, if not millions of
650|lives as well. And the best way to stay creative, well, stay curious. Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind by Shinru Suzuki. This book is really good. If you're looking to read a book that basically just feels
660|like a meditation. You know, when I read the pages of this book, I really take it in, slow down. I think this is one of the most legendary books on Zen. I've read it a few times in my life, but
670|often times just like to come back to it, you know, every 18 months, 2 years, just to kind of ground back in and root myself into the beauty of the Zen meditation process and way of thinking.
680|In the beginner's mind, there are many possibilities. In the expert's mind, there are few. You know, quotes like this from the book get you thinking about this idea of, you know, simplifying your way of thinking. It's
690|not about trying to do everything in life and getting so caught up in stress and anxiety. At the end of the day, most of our lives are actually really simple. Die with Zero by Bill Perkins. Keep
701|telling yourself you'll travel, you'll slow down, you'll finally do that thing you've always wanted when you just hit that next milestone. Well, this book will get you to stop lying to yourself. Die with Zero asked me, "What's the
712|point of being the richest person in the graveyard?" And this book kind of made me rethink how I think about my own wealth at each age. You know, there are core experiences that are best to do at
722|that given age. And so when you are given the opportunity, you should just go for it. As an example, you're in your 20s. It's a great chance to go backpacking, go explore. Because if you
732|don't do that experience in your 20s, you know, you may not have that opportunity in your 40s when you have kids and family and other obligations. So you should just go for it. In your 30s, in your 40s or 50s, there's also
742|these sorts of experiences that come up. You know, maybe going to Europe, going to different vacations, going on different experiences, flying out your family to different things on your own dime. You know, there's opportunities that we can do to kind of live a
753|fulfilling life, but most people put off living and just get so lost in the day-to-day. And this book forces you to kind of take a step back and go, you know, all this money you're looking to
763|make, you know, what's it all for? The Surrender Experiment by Michael Singer. So deep in the grind that you forgot what surrendering feels like. This book taught me that letting go is key. Now,
774|this book taught me really the benefit of surrendering. You know, I know in my own life I often times have troubles letting go. You know, we let stress, anxiety, priorities all accumulate to a
784|point where sometimes it can kind of break you. You know, there was a point about a decade ago in my life where, you know, I was under a ton of pressure and it was causing me to crumble. This book
794|came to me almost at just like divine timing. really then showed me this way that this really successful entrepreneur and spiritual teacher was able to start incorporating the concept of
805|surrendering into more of his life to really get over some insane challenges. You know, letting go, I think, is something that we need to practice, right? Letting go of stress, letting go of those difficult conversations,
816|letting go of the mistakes and the failures that we've had. Let that go. This book, you know, isn't just a bunch of advice. It's telling the story of Michael Singer's life. And along the way, you can see these pivotal moments
827|where surrendering has helped him go and evolve to a new level of a human. So that's health. Seven books that taught me to protect my energy, my health, and you know, my vitality. Now, let's get on
838|to the third quadrant, relationships. You can't scale a vision if you can't communicate it. These are the books that taught me to become a better leader by talking less, listening more, and really
849|investing in communication in those around me. The coaching habit by Michael Stainer. You know, in this book, I learned the one critical question. You know, what is the real challenge for
860|you? And then the key follow-up question when you're trying to help and coach, whether it's your team or another individual, what else? You know, often times I think about leadership back in the day, I would always default to I
870|need to talk. I need to be the one owning the conversation. You know, often times it's come at my detriment, right? You just talk too much and listen far too little. This book kind of goes
880|through a series of core questions that are essential if you're really looking to go and coach someone. I think when we think of ourselves as CEOs or managers or leaders in any aspect of our lives,
890|often times we can learn a ton from being an amazing coach and the coaching habit helps you do just that. But asking questions only works if you're in the right state. The 15 commitments of
901|conscious leadership. Walking into meetings and feeling reactive and defensive, well, it's not just your strategy that's a problem. It's your state. Now, this book taught me to have an overall demeanor as a leader that was
912|much more curious, you know, versus going and being accusatory of someone that you think has done something wrong or going and pointing out initially, you
922|know, the things that you need done. Can you approach a given conversation with your team, colleagues, family, whoever in a way that's just much more curious, inquisitive, and just ask questions? You know, we all have these opinions and we
932|think that those opinions must be right. But often times, you know, what's actually true is that the opposite of that opinion is equally as true, if not more true. And so, if we can approach
943|conversations being more curious, we're opening up an environment where we can learn. We can come to some common ground, and we can actually make 1 + 1 equal 10. And when you're in the right
953|state, here's how you connect. Quadrant 4, lifestyle. All the success in the world means absolutely nothing if you're miserable while you're living it. These are the books that reminded me that freedom, peace, and meaning are the real
965|skills and that you can actually grow them by practicing them. Meditations by Marcus Aurelius. Marcus Aurelius figured out 2,000 years ago that the only thing you can control is your mind, not all
976|the things around you. Meditations taught me that I can't control events, but I can control my response. You know, it's duty over drama and really practicing self-governance. You know, I find myself often times if I'm not
987|careful, right, blaming external events for how I feel. And the reality is is that, you know, we can't control all the things outside of us. What he had done is at the end of every day kept this private journal where he'd go and
998|document his own philosophy on life. And it was always meant to just be this private thing, but it was found eventually it was published and it stood the test of time. And so what you're getting while you read this book is this
1009|famous emperor's take on how he was able to manage his own energy, his mindset amidst all the turbulence of life. The psychology of money by Morgan Howell. Morgan Howell is by far probably my
1021|favorite author. This book taught me that wealth is about what you don't see. Everyone's financial behavior is actually emotional, right? Often times it's not logical. At the end of the day,
1031|the money, the wealth, it's all about peace of mind. And the core metric behind peace of mind is sleep at night. And so when you're thinking about investments or money, what you really
1041|should just be thinking about is does this thing that I'm about to buy or this money I'm about to make, does it get me more peace of mind and does it allow me to sleep at night? There are sometimes
1051|these investments that we can make that don't necessarily make financial sense, but they do bring us peace of mind. For some people, I know that's like buying their house. you know, they know they're
1061|not going to make a lot of money on it over time, but it just makes them feel good knowing that they have a home base. They're safe, they're secure, you know, make sure that you're thinking about that, right? Taking care of your peace
1071|of mind, not just your bank account. And if you want to be truly wealthy, here's what the Stoics knew. A Guide to the Good Life by William B. Irvine. The Stoics show you that comfort makes you weak. And Irvine shows you how to stay
1083|sharp. One of the most powerful lessons I learned from this book was this idea of negative visualization. Often times, you know, we'll find ourselves maybe walking on the street and all we're circulating our mind is all these
1094|negative thoughts, how our life could be better, how we could be doing more, how we screwed up that thing. Sometimes it's just useful to visualize, well, this morning when you were walking, you could have just gotten hit by a bus yesterday.
1104|You know, when you were playing that sport, you know, you could have died on the field. And when you start to think about, okay, life could be so much worse than it is right now. Suddenly, you leave yourself with just some
1114|gratitude. Another thing I took from the book is the idea of practicing voluntary friction. Going for hard workouts every day or taking on some difficult challenge or doing things that you know
1124|make you feel uncomfortable every single day because it kind of sharpens iron. And here's the freedom that comes from that. The courage to be disliked at Chiro Kushimi. Managing everyone's opinions is exhausting. And this book
1136|shows you how to stop. This book taught me that other people's approval isn't my task. I had a buddy Steve years ago that when I started building my personal brand, he goes, "Matt, you know, why are you doing that? Why are you trying to be
1147|famous?" The reality was I wasn't doing it to be famous, right? I was doing it because I knew I could have a big impact. And to me, it kind of fit my core zone of brilliance. I just had to
1157|do what I knew was right and go and get out there, build content, grow my audience, and make something that I wanted to make that I knew could help a lot of people's lives. And this was the
1168|genesis of Founder OS, which is, you know, this amazing community of high growth entrepreneurs that I've created. And the reality is is that you have to have courage to be disliked. You have to have courage to just be your true self.
1180|Don't wait for the crowd to applaud you. Don't wait for that friend to pat you on the back. Give yourself the pat on the back you need and just do that thing that sits in your soul that you know you
1190|were meant to do. The Almanac of Naval Ravocon by Eric Jorgensson. Naval taught me to play long-term games with long-term people. You know, when you're going and building a team, building a
1200|business, surrounding yourself with people, ideally, you want to have a circle that you can keep for the next 20, 30, 40, 50 years until you die. Every business, whether you are aware of it or not, is really a people business.
1211|Make sure you're surrounding yourself with people that you want to do life with. One of the quotes that helped change my approach to things was earn with your mind, not your time. And from the exercises he recommended in the
1222|book, I came up with this ambitious hourly rate. And from there was able to start going and delegating, deleting or automating the core things in my life that I knew I shouldn't be doing any longer. And here's how you use chaos to
1233|grow. Antifragile by Nasim Talib. Antifragile taught me to really benefit from volatility, not just survive it. You know, I remember in life at certain
1243|times there's been, you know, a lot of my friends or the world that has been scared to go and start things. But it's in those moments that I actually see the greatest point of opportunity. Some of my businesses have actually been born in
1254|some of the biggest crisises out there in the financial markets. You know, it was in those moments when everyone else was panicking. I was able to go and really build something seriously valuable by staying focused and building
1265|a business as well that was anti-fragile. This book gives you some of the core tenants to anti-fragility and how to go and implement them in your life today. Wabishabi by Naboo Suzuki.
1275|The Japanese mastered imperfection 400 years ago and it will save you from perfectionism today. Wabishabi taught me that beauty lies in imperfection. You know, when I first started going and
1285|sharing content online, as an example, I thought that everything had to be immaculate. The sound, the color, the design, my outfit, my on camera presence, it all had to be perfect. I
1296|had to say the exact words. So much so that I thought the only way to go and deliver content was, you know, I needed a teleprompter because I needed to make sure that every word was immaculate. What I quickly learned was that Matt,
1307|people are watching these videos cuz they want to get to know you, your insights, your playbooks, your systems, and also just your vibe and your energy. This concept of wabishabi really helped me out in life because, you know, it's
1317|this beautiful Japanese philosophy of that there's actually a ton of beauty in those imperfections and that it's through those little chips in how we say something, those little mistakes that we make, those little isms that make us
1327|unique that actually help us create something beautiful that's recognizable um and that people can really resonate with. If even one lesson from these books hits you today, well, go and apply
1339|it. You know, don't wait for tomorrow. go and take the book that really stuck out to you the most and go and get it and start applying it to your life and your business today. Along the way, if you want to go and see my whole reading
1350|list as well as recommendations as to the best book that you should read based on the maybe the different problems or goals you have in your life, you can go and check that out via the first link in the description below. Go and get that
1360|in the description. I can't wait to see you in the next video. Go and watch this video on how to go and level up your life in an insanely simple way. And I'll see you in the next one. Let's win
1370|together.
