1|At the point of this video, I'm 35 years old, and if you're in your 30s or 40s, I'm going to share 30 principles that'll help you change your life today. Because right now, you can either choose to build your dreams or live a life of regret. Number one,
13|the most dangerous thing in your 30s isn't failure, it's comfort. I see people that turn 30 or 40, have made a good amount of money, and are just chilling and relaxing. And all that
23|comfort leaves them depressed, leaves them anxious. They're missing some bigger purpose. You know, I think it's important to, no matter what age you are, to find an exciting big vision that
33|genuinely motivates you, that fires you up. You know, for me, that's going and building FounderLy into the greatest founder community of the 21st century. It's going and investing in a founder
44|retreat center in the Dolomites. It's going and building these, you know, movies essentially on YouTube and laddering this up to a Netflix series one day. And, you know, that's just
54|hardly scratching the surface. If you're going to go and motivate yourself to jump out of bed every single morning, which is what you deserve, you need to have a big exciting vision. And one
64|other example of this is really a focus on mastery. You know, we can always find new skills, new things we're looking to learn. You know, right now, I'm trying to become better at writing and have a
74|book on the way. You're trying to master things like cinematography and video creation, becoming more and more comfortable on camera. But a big thing with that is the mastery of it. I'm not doing it for some outcome. I'm not doing
85|it to achieve anything. I'm doing it just to fall in love with the process itself. And so, you need to find that thing that pushes you. Number two, your late start is actually your advantage.
96|Everyone thinks starting late is a disadvantage. The truth is, experience and maturity give you an edge that no 25-year-old can touch. You know, Ray Kroc started McDonald's at 52. Sam
106|Walton started Walmart at 44. You know, it's never too late to start something. At the end of the day, you know, starting a business, as an example, is pattern recognition. And the older you
116|get, the more things you've seen, the more you're able to connect dots that someone much younger than you probably can't. You know, I know at the age of 31, I started FounderLy using all of the experience that I had gone and built
127|through my first two companies, Herb and Bitmaker. FounderLy would not even have been possible to start had I not learned the hard lessons in the first decade of being a founder. You know, the systems,
137|the blueprints, the playbooks, everything that I share inside of the community we've built is only possible because of all these challenges I went through in the first decade of my career. Number three, success kills more
147|dreams than failure. Most people are terrified of failing, but the truth is, failure isn't what stops people, success does. Success in life should be a checkpoint, not some destination. Now,
158|what I've learned over the years is, I used to be so outcome focused. You know, when I exit my company, then I'll be happy. When I go and make this hire, everything will be much more peaceful. You know, when I go and hit 500k per
169|month, you know, at that point, finally, I'll be able to just chill. The reality is is that, you know, these big milestones come, and you end up realizing the next day that you're no more happy because of it. You know, when
179|you go and you win on something, the best thing you can do is go and use that to go and jazz yourself up and accomplish something even bigger. Use it as fuel to, you know, give even more of
189|yourself to your mission. Create an even bigger vision for yourself and for your team. Now, what I've learned over the years building teams of 50 plus, multiple profitable companies, is that the bigger the vision, the more people
200|you're able to inspire. And too often I see founders with little visions, and they're wondering why people on their team are not motivated. The reality is is that you have to create a company that has a big umbrella that other
211|people can fit under. You know, you have to be able to motivate a team that the big vision that you have can encapsulate the vision that they have for their individual lives as well. And so, go after that thing. You know, run past the
222|finish line. You know, and use each win you get to go and propel you to further wins. Number four, freedom is overrated, discipline is the real goal. We all grow up thinking freedom is the prize. But
233|here's the paradox, freedom without discipline is chaos. You know, just a few months back, I was in the coast of California in Big Sur, reflecting on, you know, my life and business, and
244|thinking about the big vision for FounderLy, and what I needed to do every single day to get there. It all came down to one critical function, creating exceptional content. Now, exceptional
254|content isn't going to create itself. You know, YouTube videos, content across X, LinkedIn, Instagram, TikTok. You know, all of this stuff takes real effort, real discipline. It came down to
265|4 hours of deep work every single day from 7:00 a.m. till 11:00 a.m., creating one piece of exceptional content. You know, it's this discipline of waking up,
275|getting my iced Americano, doing some writing or filming a video like this that all eventually compounds over time. You can have these big visions, right? You can have these big things that you want to accomplish at 30 or at 40. But
286|you also have to go and distill that down to what is the core action that you need to do every single day to ladder up to that. You know, I know for me, you know, writing, filming, they put me in
296|flow, right? And I think flow is that state of enjoyment where we're just falling in love with the task at hand. Number five, energy beats experience. Wrong. Wisdom beats both. We worship
307|youth for their energy, but energy without wisdom burns out. You know, wisdom is what compounds. Now, as you go and you gain more experience over your career, you realize that wisdom equals leverage. You know, I think of four main
318|areas when I think of leverage, media, capital, systems, and people. So, when you go and you're building, you know, you want to be thinking about how can you go and maximize these four areas?
329|Because the more leverage, the more freedom. You know, we have media coming out across YouTube, X, LinkedIn, TikTok that requires only 4 hours a month of my time. We have over 30 people on the team
339|across the media area things, sales, marketing, ops, finance, that all do their part, and I'm able to remove myself from the core operations and focus mostly on strategy, high-level
350|partnerships, and content. You know, lastly, you know, when I think about the systems at FounderLy, it's really what's given me the freedom to go and travel the world. Currently in London, was in Lisbon, heading to Bali soon, then off
361|snowboarding in Japan. And this is all possible because I have systems in place all throughout our company. Systems to go and create the content, systems to distribute it, drive people to newsletters, to leads, to sales,
372|referrals, and recommendations. It's your systems at the end of the day, when you have these all in place, that allow you to step back from the stuff that kind of you probably don't even want to be doing anymore, and be able to double
383|down on the parts of your business and life that fill up your cup. Number six, forget balance, think in seasons. The world sells us the myth of daily balance, but life doesn't work in
393|balance, it works in seasons. You know, for me, each season of my life lasts around 90 days. You know, I have a personal board meeting that I do with myself every single month and chart out what the theme is going to be for the next 90 days of my life and the next 30
405|days of my life. And I do this every single month. You know, I chart out my business goals, my life goals, and the end of the month I reflect on what went well, what didn't go well, you know, and what did I learn. For me, not every day
415|looks the same, not every week looks the same. You know, I think that like variety is the spice of life. You know, you don't need to worry that each day, you know, you're just doing a copycat of the previous day, or that you're
425|sticking to the same routine every single day for the rest of your life. The truth is, give yourself the permission to work in seasons. Give yourself the permission to, you know, mix things up for 90 days. Keep things
435|fresh. Keep life enjoyable. You don't need to be super rigid. You know, change up your environment for 90 days. Put on a different routine. Go and learn a new skill. Right? It's these, you know, new flavors that kind of keep life enjoyable
447|and keep you kind of intellectually stimulated as you're building. Number seven, you should fear regret more than you fear failure. Failure may sting, but regret will haunt you forever. I had a good friend, Steve, go and ask me when I
458|was, you know, in a transition period about 6 years ago. I was, you know, confused. I wasn't sure what I wanted to start next and what I wanted to give, you know, my time towards. Steve went to me and said, "Matt, what would you do if
468|you knew you would be successful?" You know, I realized that, you know, despite, you know, a bunch of opportunities on the table that would likely make me tens, if not hundreds, of millions of dollars, that the thing that
478|fired me up the most was creating an amazing founder community, helping founders with systems, and then helping them remove themselves from operations the same way I had done in my previous
488|two companies. You know, I said no to, you know, what everyone else was telling me to do. I said no to even what made the most sense, you know, financially. And I decided to just double down on the thing that, you know, was a whole body
498|yes for me. You know, my heart was saying, "This is the thing." My mind was like fired up, and my soul, you know, couldn't help but think of it day and night. And so, you know, I would encourage you to go and ask yourself,
508|you know, what would you do if you knew you would be successful? You know, go and do that thing that you've been thinking about for years. Go and finally, you know, take the plunge. You know, lean into your real passion, the
518|thing that's going to fire you up, that you could spend the next decade or two of your life really focused on. You know, there's really, you know, two words that, you know, I think about when I'm just about to start something, which is, "Fuck it." Right? You don't need to
530|have a whole plan baked before you go and take the leap and do that thing. Often times, the plan just emerges as you're building. Number eight, your body is a multiplier, not a side project.
540|Most people treat their health as an afterthought. But in your 30s and 40s, your body is the multiplier for everything you do. And so, my belief is that founders are athletes. Just like any great athlete, you know, they have a
550|coach, they take rest and recovery serious, they show up every single day in practice. The same goes for founders. You know, you need a coach. You need to take your rest and recovery seriously.
561|You know, you need to go and focus on the daily practice and constantly find some way to get better and better. Now, 7 years ago, I became sober, and it absolutely changed my life. You know, when I was, you know, going and doing my
571|blood work, I realized that my testosterone was at like 300. Because of the levels of substances I was using, it was affecting my sleep and affecting my body in a big way. Finally, when I sobered up, you know, just after just 3
582|months, my testosterone went to 800, which, you know, this is the chemical in humans that makes effort feel good. So, now, you know, all that building, all that effort I was putting into my dreams was just that much more multiplied.
593|Number nine, you have resources, they don't. People assume youth has an advantage, but in your 30s and 40s, you have resources that they would only dream of. You know, I know when I was in
603|my 20s, I was looking to start up a business, and part of it would require me to go and acquire a random website out of New Zealand. And, you know, truthfully, I was broke. You know, and so, what did I have to do? Well, I had
614|to go cobble together millions of dollars from investors like the CEO and COO of Shopify, Joe Montana, the Hall of Fame quarterback. You know, I raised from the founders of BuzzFeed. And, you
624|know, because I was in my 20s, I had to go and put all this effort in just to go and getting those resources. Now, fast forward to age 31, starting Founder OS, I knew I wanted to build something so
634|much differently. You know, my experience in my 30s had taught me that I didn't need to do it the same way I had done it in my 20s. You know, when I thought of starting my third business, I had clear criteria. You know, I wanted a
645|business that could get to $5 million profit a year. I wanted to go and be able to build something that took 3 months or less to build, that I loved the customer, loved the problem, had distribution product fit, and that every
655|day it felt like play. And so, my experience enabled me to build a lot smarter, and be able to build something that was completely bootstrapped. Number 10, health isn't self-care, it's
665|strategy. People think health is a luxury, but in business, it's the ultimate strategy. You know, in any business, one thing that you got to get right is your energy. When you go and you're looking to build anything,
675|whether it's building a team, creating content, building a media company around yourself, you know, inevitably, the core aspect to all of these things is you. It's your health, it's your energy. It's
685|your ability to go and motivate people around you, to wake up every day and actually be able to focus. And you can't focus if you're not taking care of yourself. You know, in my 20s, I took my health for granted. You know, I used
696|different substances, I oftentimes, you know, neglected working out, neglected simple things like meditation. And oftentimes, I was just hard to be around. You know, because I wasn't
706|taking care of myself and wasn't really loving myself, it was hard for me to be a great leader for others. You know, what I've learned is that your leadership is the cap on your success. If you're a five out of 10 leader,
716|you're probably only going to be three out of 10 successful. But, if you're a 10 out of 10 leader, you have the opportunity to be wildly successful. Inevitably, you know, your health truly does pay off. Number 11, sleep is the
728|new equity. People brag about losing sleep at work, but in your 30s and 40s, sleep is one of the highest return investments you can make. You know, at 23, I remember always being the person that was burning the midnight oil,
739|staying up oftentimes till 9:00 or 10:00 p.m. working. You know, saw it as almost a badge of honor not getting much sleep. This is probably one of the stupidest things I could have done, because you're working a lot, but you're super
749|ineffective. And with that little amount of sleep, you're basically drunk every day. As I fast forward to now being 35 years old, you know, I prioritize sleep as one of the most important aspects of
759|my day. And so, this involves things like at 7:00 p.m. using the 7:00 p.m. trigger as a time to put on red light glasses and initiate the nighttime routine. You know, this routine is
771|everything, right? Because a great night's sleep makes me insanely productive in the morning and makes sure that I'm able to get that 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. deep work routine and really push the needle forward in my
782|businesses. Great sleep turns average effort into peak output. Number 12, your content has depth. 20-somethings post quotes, 30-plus founders post scars, and your scars will be quotes any day. You
794|know, when I was building Herb, my second business, there was one day I had realized that we were way over our skis. You know, we had invested far too much in people, the head count had gone from
804|about eight core people to around 32. And I realized one day that I'd have to go and remove 23 people on our team in one day. You know, this experience, at
815|the time, was super traumatizing, and looking back, it's one of the lowest points of my career. But, you know, I've shared this story with founders, pointing out the importance of number one, having systems in their business so
826|they don't need to have so many people. And number two, the importance of sometimes just making the hard decision. You know, sometimes things that we need to do are incredibly uncomfortable. You
836|know, over, you know, my career, I've found the more vulnerable I am, the more I just share those things that sometimes feel super uncomfortable to let people know about, the more I build connection, you know, the more people can feel the
846|general authenticity in my content, and the more I've been able to build a movement of founders around me. So, when you go and think about your own content and the scars that you have, think about the playbooks that you wish you had 5
857|years ago, the systems, the blueprints, the deep dives, the how-tos. You know, think about what you would have wanted 5 years ago, and then go and use that for the basis of the content that you create
868|now. It's those scars, those moments that you've had to go and really struggle through something, those crucibles of leadership, that will help go and benefit the next generation of builders. Number 13, the trifecta of
880|success is assets, leverage, and attention. When it comes to assets, it's those things that you can build once and sell forever. When it comes to leverage, it comes down to the media around you,
890|the people, the capital, and the systems that you build in your business. And then, attention by building your own personal media company around you. When it comes to those three aspects of building an online business, I find that
901|the biggest piece that people forget is attention. You know, we live in a totally new day and age, right? Where attention is where the real wealth is built. You know, being able to build
911|your own organic audience and not have to rely on paid ads. Being able to go and have a brand that's not just with you for the next decade of your life, but for the next 50 years. You know, your personal brand is the most valuable
922|appreciating asset you can build. You know, if you're watching this, it's that attention piece that I'd recommend that you double down on. You know, your 30s and 40s are amazing opportunity for you to create content, build an audience
933|around you, and control your own media. Number 14, money buys speed, not happiness. We think money will make us happy, but it doesn't. In reality, it just buys us speed. As I've gone and
944|built my own profitable empire of online businesses, I always think to myself, you know, what's my 10-year vision? And then, how do I actually accelerate that to get it done over the next 6 months? Now, when I then think about money, you
955|know, money's not something that, you know, is going and just helping me solve all my problems in life, but it certainly helps me go and attack things a lot faster. You know, if I find there's a certain challenge in my business, I'm able to go deploy capital
966|to go maybe hire the right person there, or go and build the right system in place, or the right automation to go and remove it. You know, the reality is is that you can use money in a way that's a tool to eliminate a lot of the problems
976|that come up in business, making it a lot more smooth and helping you go and accomplish the big vision that you have for your life, as well as for the things you're building. Number 15, stop building businesses, start building
986|ecosystems. One business is fragile, but when you build an ecosystem, one business feeds everything else. When I got into my 30s, I started viewing myself more as an asset manager than an
997|entrepreneur. There was one moment that changed everything for me as an entrepreneur. You know, learning about Carl Icahn, I saw this guy that actually viewed himself as a portfolio manager, not just a founder. And I started to
1007|reflect on my own businesses and realized that I'd always put my businesses first, and I was kind of behind the scenes. But, you know, after learning from Carl Icahn, I started to put myself at the top of the chain and then be this asset manager that managed
1018|a portfolio of different online businesses. Now, what this caused me to do is start building myself too in my own presence, because no matter what, if I exit different businesses, the thing that will always remain true is that I
1028|will always have my personal brand, and it can always feed these businesses different leads and awareness. So, when I go and I think about my portfolio these days, I think of it as an ecosystem. You know, my personal brand
1039|feeds my business brands, my business brands feed the different cash flows to the businesses, which allow me to go and focus on more people, more exceptional content, which just drives more leads to the business, more cash flows, and
1050|creates this founder flywheel. And so, as you're going and creating, you know, your own businesses, trying to create different flywheels within them is the key. You know, how is your organic content feeding you leads, feeding you
1060|cash flows, and the ability to go and hire more amazing people to build an amazing product, and then, you know, perpetuating itself. And the goal is that you have a portfolio of different businesses so that you're more
1071|antifragile long-term. No matter what happens, one business may go up or down, but because you're diversified, having a portfolio of businesses, you're essentially rock-solid for the next decade, two decades, three decades of
1082|your life. Number 16, your business should not be your identity. The biggest trap entrepreneurs fall into, becoming their business. In my first business, BitMaker, you know, I was entirely tied
1093|to the business. My identity was the business. If the business was doing well, I was high as a kite. If the business was failing, I felt like a complete failure. I'd essentially
1103|blocked myself off to the world, and everything I did was focused on this one business. I was essentially a martyr. At the peaks and the valleys, you know, the business was everything to me. While
1115|that could seem like a strength, it actually was probably one of the biggest weaknesses. You know, what I've learned now in my 30s is that it's really important to have an identity outside of my business. You know, it's important to
1125|have different hobbies, different things you like to do, whether it's paddle tennis, running, you know, going and hiking, being in nature. You know, having hobbies outside of the business is important, because when you're able
1135|to detach yourself from things, you can just see the business a lot more clearly. Number 17, stop trying to be original, start being repeatable. Most people waste years chasing originality,
1145|the masters focus on repeatability. In my second business, Herb, you know, at one point, we were constantly trying to be original and create new custom things for every single person that we worked
1156|with. It got exhausting. All this customization just led to chaos. I eventually made three rules for any product that we started. It had to be repeatable, it had to be scalable, and
1166|we had to be able to deliver it on time at a high quality. Every business is repetitive at its core. You know, you think of Apple, a $4 trillion company, at the end of the day, they're on iPhone
1176|number 17. You know, this shows that by just focusing on one core thing and doing it right, you can create something magical. Number 18, consistency beats
1186|intensity. Intensity gets you started, consistency is what compounds. When I think about building anything amazing, it comes down to building something over the long term. You know, when you think
1196|about building something not just for 5 years or 10 years, but for like 20, 30 years, you know, being able to have a consistent system for what you need to do is everything. Because without it, you're going to burn out and you're
1206|going to give up and will stop the compounding. Number 19, perfectionism is just procrastination in disguise. One of the sayings that I love most is done is
1216|better than perfect. I think often times as founders, we can wait for the you know, the perfect moment, the perfect piece of content, the perfect product. But often times, perfect never comes
1226|around. You know, I think a lot of people think you need to figure it out and then launch it. But the truth is often times, you launch it and then you figure it out. You know, when you think about business, I think that 97% of
1236|success is actually correction. The majority of the time, we're off track. Things are not quite right and it's your ability to then get things back on track that'll get that product right. You
1246|know, you'll be able to build the right team by just getting things out there. You know, when I thought of launching FounderUs at first, truthfully, the first version of the community we launched, you know, was something that I was even kind of embarrassed by. But
1256|when I look back, I'm really glad that I just launched it because what I was able to then do is get feedback from people, learn, you know, what do founders really need? What are the systems that are missing? What are the areas that I can
1267|go and make it stronger? And from all of that feedback, I was incredibly motivated to then build the community into what it is today. Number 20, if you don't own attention, you don't own a business. In today's world, attention
1278|isn't optional, it's everything. There's this quote that I love, which is that first time founders focus on product, second time founders focus on distribution. Now, you can have an amazing product, but if it never sees
1289|the light of day, it's all for nothing. On the other side, I've seen hundreds of founders with a mediocre product, but massive amounts of attention and audience around them actually be
1299|incredibly successful. Now, because all that attention doesn't just drive your first customers, but it also gives you an enormous amount of feedback on what the market actually wants. And so, the
1309|future belongs to founders that are commanding attention. And the best way to do this is to go and build your own personal brand and your audience around you. Which leads me to number 21,
1320|distribution is more important than product. You know, when I think about, you know, my own business and the portfolio of online businesses I've built, what I spend a lot of my time on is really mastering the distribution
1330|around the different communities and products. When I go and think about YouTube as an example, this platform drives 4x more leads than the next platforms combined. You know, going and focusing on things like the thumbnails,
1341|the titles, the scripts, the hooks, the colors, everything, you know, is incredibly valuable and is an insane amount of leverage on my time. From one YouTube video like this, I may go and
1352|generate 50,000 views. You can imagine 50,000 people. That's like a massive stadium of folks, which just shows you how powerful distribution can be if you
1362|go and you utilize it correctly. A great product with no distribution dies, a mediocre product with great distribution thrives. Number 22, relationships are assets. Most people treat relationships
1373|like feelings. Smart founders treat relationships like assets. When I was 23, my first business was raided by the government. This was by far the most
1383|shocking thing that had ever happened to me to that point. But when I took a step back and realized that everyone the world was against me, I figured I would go and actually use the people that I'd
1393|met over the previous 2 years building that business to go and help potentially save the day. Sure enough, over the next 3 days, I emailed over 3,000 people I had met and within 1 week, the story was
1404|trending on Twitter in Canada. Against all odds, we were back in business the next week and had the only exemption of its kind in Canada and that business would go on to exit for a life-changing
1415|sum. You know, it was this experience that really taught me that relationships are assets. These days, every single month, I go and I reflect on, you know, what is my personal board of advisors?
1425|Who are the people around me in given parts of my life and business that can help support me and help me get to the next level. I think about areas of business like marketing, sales, growth,
1435|content, people, strategy and I have the right people in place to go and advise me. People like my executive coach, Ryan Begelman, who exited his last business for $60 million bootstrapped and is now
1446|helping me go and scale my businesses to that same level or, you know, even further. You know, it's inevitably people and getting, you know, secrets from other mentors and advisors around you that is ultimately one of the
1457|biggest shortcuts in entrepreneurship. You know, you can go and learn from other people's mistakes versus having to go and make those mistakes yourself. Number 23, outgrowing people is part of the process. Not everyone can come with
1468|you to the next level and that's okay. I was traveling Norway with a good friend named Jan just a couple months ago. You know, and he was talking to me about how a certain people in his circles that were kind of holding him back. And often
1478|times, you know, as founders, I see this all the time, right? You have a circle of people that, you know, may have gotten you from where you were 10 years ago to where you are now. But when you
1488|go and you reflect on the people around you, maybe you've outgrown them or even worse, maybe some of these people are holding you back. You know, it's important that we part our own dreams first. The reality is is that the same
1498|circle you had in your 20s may actually be holding you back in your 30s and 40s. And so, it's about going and betting on your dreams, making the tough decision to probably cut some people off and
1509|double down on friends that really believe in you and that, you know, fill up your cup, fill up your soul and are helping propel you forward to the person you're trying to become. Number 24, your
1519|ego is the tax on every decision. The more you let your ego drive decisions, the more expensive those decisions get. At 26 years old, I received a life-changing offer, $50 million for my
1531|business. This was a sum that legitimately would change the entire trajectory of my life. At the time, I remember seeing, you know, different images of folks like Zuckerberg or
1541|Spiegel that turned down life-changing billion-dollar offers to bet big on their thing. And instead of really doing a bit of soul-searching as to, you know, what I needed in my life and what would
1551|fill up my cup, I just kind of let my ego take over. Sure enough, I said no to these offers. Looking back, it was probably the stupidest decision I ever could have made. You know, often times,
1561|I'll think back to that with just a little bit of regret. You know, what was I thinking? You know, why did I do that? And when I look at it, I had let my ego take over. You know, I was just, you know, thinking that I could accomplish
1572|the world. 50 million, what's that? Why not 500 million, 5 billion? When the reality that businesses in the industry I was in were a lot different. You know, I want to make sure that for you, right?
1582|Don't let your ego blind you. Inevitably, you know, stay rational, you know, stay clear, um and try to keep your ego in check unlike I did at 26.
1592|Number 25, you don't need more time, you need better seasons. Everyone says they need more time, but the truth is, you just need clear seasons. It's amazing what you can accomplish in life if you just set a deadline on things. You know,
1603|this is what Parkinson's law is all about. The work that you put into something is just going to fill up the amount of time you allot for it. You know, when I was 22, my back was up against the wall and I needed to raise capital for one of my companies. I gave
1614|myself 90 days and basically said, "By the end of these 90 days, I am going to raise over $4 million." You know, sure enough, emailed over 2,000 people, had over 400 conversations, got over 384 no's to get
1626|14 yes's and end up closing that round from legendary investors like the CEO and CEO of Shopify, Joe Montana the Hall of Fame quarterback, the board of Viacom, number eight, number 20 at
1636|Facebook and the list goes on. All of this would not have been possible if I hadn't of just dedicated that season to just raising this capital. And so, it's amazing what you can accomplish if you
1647|set a deadline on things and live in seasons versus giving yourself all the time in the world. There's a saying that I live by, which is that pressure makes diamonds. Feel free and be willing to go
1658|and put a deadline on things to go and help make the impossible possible. Number 26, don't chase passion, chase problems. Everyone says follow your passion, but the real wins come from
1669|solving massive problems. These days, when I think of starting any business, I like to focus on a problem that genuinely excites me. You know, I built FounderUs because I was looking to solve three main problems. Number one, people
1680|wanted to go and build amazing personal brands, but they didn't know how. Number two, they wanted to create systematized organic content to scale their audience so they didn't have to rely on paid ads.
1690|And third, you know, just like I had in my previous two businesses, more and more founders wanted to remove themselves from operations. And so, it was these three problems that I sought out to solve with FounderUs. You know,
1700|what's that problem or set of problems that really fire you up? How can you go and focus on, you know, being the best in the world at solving those problems and building a business around that? You don't need to just focus on passions,
1711|right? Become great at solving a problem and you'll become passionate about it. Number 27, stop saying I should have started earlier and start saying I should have start right now. The best
1721|time to start was 20 years ago, the second best time is today. Stop wasting time in regret. is is that we all have the same 24 hours in the day and the only difference is what you choose to do
1733|with them. You know, when you think about what you're building right now, what is your 10-year vision that is insanely exciting to you? Now, what do you need to do over the next 3 years to ladder up to that 10-year vision? Now,
1743|from there, what do you need to do over the next 1 year and then in the next 90 days? And then just get after it. Don't worry about what other people are doing. Don't worry about, "Oh, 10 years ago I
1753|could have started this." Or, you know, "Am I too old now?" All of that is just a load of [\h__\h] getting in your way. The reality is is that we can all just start where our feet are now, right? Start with what you've got. Start today and
1764|just start messy. Number 28, character is built through repetition, not decisions. You don't decide your character once, you decide it every day through repetition. You know, excellence is a daily habit. You know, you want to
1775|be a prolific writer, write every day. You want to be an amazing person on camera, film every week. You know, you want to be amazing at building teams, focus on reading more on hiring every
1786|day and building an amazing culture around you. It's the repetition that's going to create excellence in your life. You know, excellence is a daily habit. You know, for me as a founder, one of the things that jazzes me up the most is
1797|creating the greatest founder content in the world. This is a massive goal and I think I still have a long way to go. I don't let this big goal paralyze me. The reality is is that, you know, it starts
1807|with just the daily actions, writing every day, filming every week, you know, building an amazing team around me, putting in the reps, making each piece of content 10% better than the last, focusing on getting 1% better every
1819|single day. It's from these tiny daily wins that you're able to accomplish massive things over the long term. You know, from repetition you build the power of compounding, which is like the eighth wonder in the world. And so,
1830|focus on those small things you can do repeatedly that allow you to ladder up to the big vision you have for yourself. You don't decide your character once, you build it every day through repetition. Number 29, age is not your
1841|enemy, experience is your advantage. Everyone fears getting older, but in entrepreneurship experience is your greatest weapon. Experience is leverage that no one can steal. You know, all
1851|those lessons that you've learned over the years, all those mistakes you've made, all those challenges, those are now, you know, the amazing leverage that you have to go and, you know, see around corners, to have more leadership, and
1861|you'll be able to do things the right way and just build smarter. You know, a lot of the things that, you know, I do today, it's not just the systems, the media, the leverage that I have around me. It's just because I put in 10,000
1871|reps doing what I'm doing. I have experience, I have wisdom, and I'm able to kind of see 17 steps ahead in many of the things I'm working on because I've just, you know, done this so many times.
1882|Number 30, retirement is a lie. You don't need to design a life you need to escape from. We're sold the dream of retiring at 60, but that's a lie. The real dream is building a life that you don't need to retire from. These days I
1893|focus on everyday retirement or EDR. You know, I discovered this by going completing my own ikigai. You know, your ikigai is really what your reason for being is. It's your calling in life and
1904|it sits at the inner section of what you're good at, what you can be paid for, what the world needs, and what you love to do. For me, that's things like building an amazing community of founders. It's, you know, building
1915|systems, building distribution, going and creating content, traveling, you know, being in nature, backpacking. These are the things that really fire me up. Every day I've architected a life that allows me to do these things every
1926|day, every week. You know, this is what it's all about, right? This is what you deserve in your 30s and 40s. I hope that you go and take the advice from this video and go and implement it because I
1936|can't wait to see what you create. I've also gone and linked my own scale yourself playbook, which is the same playbook I've used throughout my 30s to get to where I am today. You can go and download it via the link in the
1946|description. So, in this video I've shared a lot of advice and my hope is that you just pick three main things that stood out and go and implement those today to go build your own leverage, your own assets, and your own
1957|attention. And so, I hope you found this video useful. I can't wait to see what you create and welcome to the founder freedom movement.
