1|Most people try to hustle their way to making millions. I spent the last 16 years learning the five levels of business, and now I can work where I want, when I want, and my portfolio of online businesses makes me $13 million a year. Most people fail not because
12|they're lazy, but because they try to bring level one behaviors into a level five business. But the truth is, each level requires a death, a death of old identity, old systems, old habits
23|that are keeping you back. So, in this video, I'm breaking down the five levels of business, what's going to break at each stage, and what you need to implement to scale seamlessly. Let's get into it. Level one, the scrapper. At
34|this level, most people overthink everything and then never start. But the ones who make it, they master one skill that has nothing to do with strategy. When I started BitMaker at 20, I
44|had no idea what I was doing. This is my first business, I was broke, I had hardly any experience, fresh out of business school, and I was
54|delusional. While this was a strength, it also led me to a ton of mistakes. Marketing came down to me. Sales
64|came down to me. Finance, me. Operations, me. Legal, me. And sleep? Never. And that had a knock-on effect. You
75|know, the amount of times I thought I just wanted to give up must have been 60, 70 times. I think we glorify the founder journey, but at this stage, you guys know it. can get hard, like
88|real hard. You know, at this stage, really I think the key thing is to focus on just getting your first customers that love your product. Whether that means outreaching
99|to a thousand people, whether that means creating my personal brand, putting organic content out there, going and hiring great people, whatever it takes, I'm going to commit to making this idea a success. I'm saying this just to be
110|real with you guys, right? For those of you guys >> >> going through this, I get it. One thing I also come back to is this essay from Paul Graham, which is do things that don't scale. You see all these
121|businesses that are going in raising a hundred billion dollars or being valued at five hundred million dollars or whatever, right? But the reality is that a lot of these big businesses that you admire started off with humble
131|beginnings. You know, Airbnb was just some random email from Joe Gebbia and Brian Chesky saying, "Hey, you know, maybe we should go and try putting a mattress in the spare bedroom I have
141|for South by Southwest in Austin this weekend." You know, same thing with Shopify. Started as just an online store for snowboards slapped together by Tobi Lütke. Fast forward 15 years
152|later, hundred billion dollar company. Be okay with doing things that don't scale early on. Focus on building something that people genuinely love. So, if you want to master this level,
162|sell a simple offer. Get outside the building and making sure you're talking to at least 30 customers. Incorporate their feedback in terms of their dreams, their desires back into
172|the product to build something that is irresistible. I strongly suggest you also go and are building your personal brand, putting content out there because at the end of the day,
182|>> >> distribution is your moat. Next level, the operator. Most people get stuck here for years. They're making money, but dying inside. And there's generally one thing they're doing wrong. At Earn
192|My Degree, we were making 30 to 50k per month, but I was working like an absolute psychopath, really scaling something that at this point was starting to break. Now, the issue was
203|that our product it was not repeatable, it was not scalable, and we weren't able to deliver it on time each month. And so, what started to happen was that the cash flows of the company
213|got super clunky. What I realized I needed to do was start getting >> >> super serious about the people that I had on board and about our product as well. You know, it was important that anything that we sold was
224|scalable, repeatable, and could be delivered on time. Now, beyond just the product, there was also issues in how I was hiring, right? At this stage, my hiring processes were anything but
235|rigorous. Google's Project Oxygen found that the number one trait of high-performing managers isn't charisma, it's systems. This means that the right decisions matters more than just being liked. Now, when you think
245|about going and actually scaling your business, I think the things that start to really matter are things like your systems, your taste, your team, and the overall culture of the company.
255|You mix that as well with having your own founder-led brand so that you're owning your distribution long-term, and you've got the system set up for success. So, if you want to move on to the next level, go and document five
265|recurring tasks that you have on your plate. Document them in a Google Doc, go and film yourself doing them in a Loom, go and determine the person on your team that can then take that off your plate,
275|>> >> and make sure that they are owning it now going forward. Now, you're ready to go and move on to the next level. Your job at level two is to stop being the bottleneck. And if you want my scaling roadmap that breaks down each of these
286|levels and the core checklists that are required to scale seamlessly to the next stage, go and check it out via the link in the description. Level three is one of the most exciting, the CEO. You've built something real, but now you
296|have a new problem. Something that's either going to make you or break you over the next 12 months. When my second business, Urgency, started crossing 150k per month, I had to go from doing everything to building a machine.
306|I think at this stage, right, you start to become a chief detail officer, trying to work more on the business than in the business by having the right people in place, the right systems in place, so it doesn't all come
317|down to you. Making sure that you're pushing decisions in your company down, so that they don't need to all go and get bubbled up to you by saying, you know, "What do you think we should do?" And then gradually coaching
327|people and empowering them to go and use their judgment, their intuition, and data to make those decisions, so that you can focus on the decisions that only you can make. So, you're probably
339|wondering, as a CEO, with so many things going on, what do you need to focus on? Well, I think it comes down to three things: Numbers, people, and culture. Getting
349|into the first, numbers. This is where I see 97% of founders completely fail. I'll ask them things like, you know, what's your profit margin, your cash collected, you
359|know, what was your profit last month, what's the total cost of your team in a given month? And they stare at me blankly almost as if their eyes are glazing over, right? That is your first mistake if you're looking to
370|be CEO because you need to have an intricate understanding of how every decision you make impacts the numbers. The second aspect obviously is your people. You know, no matter what company you're building, you are in
380|the people business, the business of going and bringing on A players that believe in a vision and are willing to do whatever it takes to get there. And the third aspect is your culture. Your culture
390|>> >> eats strategy for breakfast. If you have a great culture, a people that are willing to do what it takes, they're hungry, they're coachable, they obsess around quality and the customer
400|experience, you know, you've likely built something that's set up for success. Here's how you finally become the CEO of your business and your life. First, you're going to want to go and build an org chart for your next 12 months and start
410|to figure out where your gaps are right now and start to fill those with A players. >> >> Second is you probably want to start building a dashboard and even something simple like Google Sheets that
420|has like the 12 core metrics across your business on a week-by-week basis so you can make sure that you're tracking these things and growing them every single month. From there, you want to make sure that you have the right meeting rhythm
430|in place inside of your company likely running leadership meetings every single week and then core department meetings as well at the same cadence. This meeting rhythm essentially
440|becomes the heartbeat of your company and will ensure you have continuous momentum into the future. Your job at level three is to become a real CEO. Level four, the empire builder. At 250k
450|per month, you've won, but there's a ceiling that most people hit that stops them from reaching seven figures monthly. You know, I remember going and talking to a mentor named Justin and I wanted to grow the audience as big as
461|possible. In just a few words from Justin, you know, it transformed my thinking. He said, "Matt, if you're looking to do that, you need to set your audience on fire." And so, sure enough, I started to go and
472|analyze our presence on platforms like X, LinkedIn, YouTube, Instagram, and go and try to think about, you know, what was every piece of content we were putting out, and how could we go and make it a hundred times better?
482|You know, it was from looking at the details in our videos, the sound, the script, the lighting, the overall kind of concepts that we're putting forth, the titles, the thumbnails, the team, the workflows, right? It was looking on
493|the writing side about the subjects we were putting out. How could we transform all of this to make the most exceptional founder content in the world? It's important to know your math, not just so that you're building a hyper-profitable
503|business long-term, but also so that you have what I believe is the most valuable metric, peace of mind. You know, we want to make sure that you're able to sleep at night knowing that you have a business that's continuing to compound
513|cash flows, and not compound stress. So, your action steps here are to make sure that you have an unbelievable CFO in place. And from there, I like to make sure I'm getting a CEO scorecard every
525|single Friday, which show me the 12 core metrics across my entire business. The next thing then is you want to make sure that you have an amazing leadership team in place. Because at this level, you can't be making all the decisions,
536|right? You need to empower leaders around you that can hire other amazing leaders, right? And can push your business forward in your absence. And at this stage, too, you want to make sure that you're really dialed into what
546|is your zone of brilliance. Your job at level four is to scale without losing your soul. Level five is the icon. Most people will never get here, but the ones
556|who do make this one small shift. When George Lucas was building the Star Wars saga back in the 1970s, before he had even released the first movie, he had already made the scripts for all
566|three. He had planned out the universes, the planets, the galaxies, the actors, had it all lined up. Sure enough, he released the first movie, and And was a box office success, and he
576|already had the next two lined up. And it's not just George Lucas. You rewind even Walt Disney. In the early days of Disney, he went and drew out the entire universe he was building. It wasn't just
587|the characters, but it was the animation studio, it was the theme parks, it was the, you know, merchandise and the figurines. He had it all planned out. And this is the same pattern that
597|I've taken in my last three businesses that has made them a success, right? It's having this master plan, having this universe that you're building out, right? For me, it's making
607|sure that I'm serving founders through epic retreats, not just the ones we've done in Bali, Sedona, and Mexico City, but going and actually buying a retreat center in the Dolomites where I can have peak experiences with the best founders in
618|the world. It's going and taking these YouTube videos to Netflix, traveling the world, giving back, helping famous founders across the world go and scale to new levels, helping creators become
628|better business people, helping amazing business folks become founder-led brands, and really >> >> sitting at that intersection of business and the creator economy. People don't
638|buy what you do, they buy who they become by doing it. They're not buying a program, they're buying the transformation that you're providing them by actually going and giving the service you do. You know,
648|oftentimes we forget that when we're building a brand, a brand is more of an emotional experience than anything, right? It's a feeling you get when you think of a certain logo or
658|think of a certain person. For Apple, it's creativity. For Nike, it's victory. For Founder OS, it's freedom. Oftentimes, it's making sure that you're communicating that aspirational
668|identity and vision for the brand because inevitably, that's what people are really buying into. >> >> So, refine your vision into a 10-year roadmap. Think about your brand in all the areas you want it to exist. What's
679|the big vision there? You know, when you think about your team and your org chart, how's that going to need to evolve over the next 10 years? How does your offer and your product suite need to evolve? If you have trouble thinking big in this department,
690|leverage AI to help you think 10x bigger. It's by charting out this vision and then making sure that you put it into a visual presentation for your team, >> >> include it in all your onboarding
700|materials, and make sure that you go and upload it to a given 10X >> >> project inside of chat GPT that's going to help you go and continue to march towards this ambitious vision every
712|single day. Your job at level five is to create a business that becomes a household name. If you want to go and get my five levels of scaling road map, you can go and check it out via the link in the description. All right, so as you
722|can see, these five levels, they're a bit complicated, right? And I understand, this ain't easy. So, if you're scaling your business and you're trying to go from one level to the next and you want support, you want
732|systems, and you want access to me so that I'm literally in your corner helping you move through these levels seamlessly, >> >> you should go and apply to Founderwise via the link in the description. Go and book a call, we'll understand what level
742|you're at, and understand where you're really trying to go, and we'll see if we can help. And if you want to learn the psychology behind creating a magnetic brand, go and check out this video right now, and we'll get into the
753|details there. Be sure to like and subscribe, and welcome to the Founder Freedom Movement.
