2|Views don't equal cash. When I look at my own YouTube as an example, the number one cash generating video is like our 42nd most popular video. And that video has driven us 100K plus of cash
12|collected. Today, we're building a social media machine for a $7 million roofing entrepreneur. We're going to go and help him go and develop more of a portfolio mindset, helping him see not just how to go and scale that
22|construction business, but also how to build a whole new business off the backs of it. >> Oh, this all makes sense. This is tricky stuff that took me years to understand. So even if you're just
32|getting going in business, maybe you're looking to go and scale your own business and are not sure how a founder brand pieces with it, be sure to lock in. So let's get into it. So Zach, I'm from Sydney, Australia, a
42|high-end architectural cladding and roofing company in the trades and construction based. Biggest constraint is probably me, not so much stuck in the weeds, but my whole identity is just attached to that one business. I'm an
52|entrepreneur and I love business itself and I've sort of just I'm struggling to find a way to like sit on top of that instead of that sit on top of me. So, you know, if I have the ability to sit on top of that, I can build other
63|businesses that also align with, you know, what I want to do in life and not be attached to that one business at the moment. >> You find yourself kind of Yeah. stuck under this and it's zeta major roofing right now, right? And you're trying to kind of expand beyond that. You have
74|other ideas and so talk more about what are these other ideas and what you're really trying to do long >> term. Yeah, obviously I got into into the construction industry when I was 16. Um, and I sort of just like left school
85|and and and I hated you hated school and learning and stuff like that. And so the only place you can really go and work, it it sort of just took off, you know. I sort of I took I've always had like a high attention to detail and I've been
95|always very creative. And I just sort of took that same mindset that I had into that industry which was so blue collar and everyone just did things quickly and it was no value. And um so I really I
105|really you know pushed hard on you know we're doing nearly eight figures. Yeah. But now and I know I want to do more and that's you know obviously where this um you know what you would call it like
115|community mentoring sort of thing. Um, I didn't really like the word mentor and I was just like give back, you know, um, educate back and and and sort of like take all the lessons and I've lost so much money along the way. Probably lost
126|myself along the way too, you know, going learning leadership and hard skills, soft skills, hiring skills. And in the industry, in our industry, it it no one talks about it's very it's very
136|secretive, you know, no one talks about how to quote or how to do this. And the only people that are making money right now are just the big big companies. And and I feel like the I want to give back to, you know, the guy that I once was.
146|you have obviously the construction side and you're looking to go and stand up this education side, >> but first also kind of mapping out the flywheel of how all these things exist.
156|>> So essentially like what we mean by flywheel is like just like a series of different parts of the business that each part benefits the next one and so
166|forth, right? So, as an example with yours, you've built up this amazing, you know, reputation >> on the Z MH, right? Construction, right?
176|And so, when it comes to mind, like on the reputation side and what you're known for there, what are like the three sort of like unique value props? >> Sounds like attention to detail. >> Attention to detail, it would be also,
186|you know, we're probably one of the biggest companies. So, we serviceability, craftsmanship. >> Yeah, craftsmanship for sure. >> Cool. So, we can leave that for a sec. Okay. And so we essentially have this
196|like you know current entity right now and then the question is like how do we connect that like with the education piece. >> Yeah. >> Right. And so obviously as you share
208|more of you know the attention to detail that went into this the journey that went into creating this. >> Yeah. >> Right. That inevitably is going to go you know and spread awareness and attract more people.
219|>> Okay. Yeah. >> Right. To the we'll call it ZMH education. >> Yeah. >> Right. Cuz these guys that are getting going. >> Yeah. >> Like the things that matter to them the most, right? Are you know your
232|reputation. >> Yeah. >> Like what have you even done, right? And you have proof that you've built this $7 million roofing business. >> Yeah. >> And they want to learn like how have you
242|done this? And I think you also have a unique Yeah. Just like background and voice with it all too. Like just like a regular guy. They can see themselves in you. You're also just trying to speak to the >> 10 year ago version of yourself. So,
253|they're going to resonate with that versus some like older guy that's a bit out of touch. >> Yeah. >> Right. I think also like the nice thing is like they're going to resonate with the craftsmanship, >> right? This isn't just about you can
264|make great money by just making great products. >> Yeah. Sure. >> What else do you think? >> Yeah. As I said before, relatable, >> right? >> You know. >> Yeah. So, we got the relatability. I think there's a few interesting things
275|that happen too, right? So, as we go and we share more of this education, right? you're going to then have like the actual conversions. >> Yeah. >> To like the education side of things,
287|right? So now we've, you know, gone and had people join the same mentorship. >> Yeah. >> And like education. >> Yeah. >> Right. So here's where things get monetized there.
297|>> Yeah. >> We have folks that have converted into this, right? They're likely going to, you know, let's just say some of them get jobs. >> Yeah. >> Like in the crafts.
307|>> Yeah. Some of them like you may even hire. >> Yeah, of course. Yeah. Or you know even you know buy parts of like in the in our industry it's like they really have no
317|idea you know so [\h__\h] like equity deals and and and try and brand off with them you know like sort of solve their problems with my systems and my processes and my leaderships and like yeah take they might have a crew of
327|three but hey you wear a ZMH dumper you take all my systems and I lead you and I have a certain percentage of your business. >> Yeah that's great too. So when you're going and getting them jobs or helping
337|them with growth, let's just say, so they're even getting jobs somewhere else, they're starting their own thing, >> correct? Yeah. >> Right. So they're building their own say venture. >> Yeah. >> On the venture side, right? This could
349|be monetized. >> Yeah. >> Right. Like you just said, you're getting a percentage, you know, licensing your systems, let's say. >> Here it's just like now you're putting
359|more of your ZMH grads into great >> construction businesses. Yeah, >> that may need
370|>> over here as well. It's an example of where you know this kind of gets fed back into here. >> Correct. Yeah. >> Right. And helps obviously you over time. I mean the biggest thing that we've talked about is in this business.
380|I think the thing that leads to great attention to detail, serviceability, craftsmanship is your recruiting your amazing talent like being able to build great people. >> So essentially this is not only helping
390|monetize you know the venture arm. >> Yeah. It's not only helping monetize like just through the education itself, >> but helping you also source the best talent >> to feed back into the construction business, which obviously is a money
402|maker. >> Yeah. >> And so essentially, it's like this whole sort of flywheel, right, is like it's one part like a talent flywheel for you.
412|It's also to as you're doing all this too, you're also going to be attracting customers to both Yeah. ZMH on the you know construction side and on the
422|education side and the beautiful thing is that as this all goes right the whole kind of cycle right is generating you right you generate cash
433|>> right you can use that cash to invest in more great content >> right to then grow the audience and those just kind of keep on
444|>> ripping >> yeah the content around like my content at the moment in ZMH has just been like high attention to detail like reals and and photos and the brand sort of just
454|sold itself. It's a little bit like Apple. Do you know what I mean? Apple don't jump on and say, "Hey, buy the phone." They just you walk past the billboard and it's just a photo of a new just a photo of the new Apple,
464|>> the new phone. So, you know, I haven't done any face to face content, no founder stories. It's just literally clean sharp wellresented photos. But I know the market's sort of shifting in
474|the way of the content brand. I guess, you know, do I start telling my story more on the ZMH founderled story, you know, go back and and really strip back
484|all the onion layers and be like, "Hey, listen, you know, I was just a one kid one day and and sort of just built this." Um, would it be like storytelling would be involved? Yeah. The thing that I'm really big on that I've seen
495|transform my businesses, my life, right, is building a much more founder-ledd brand. And so infusing it much more with your narrative, right? your story, your values, your origin story, the crucibles
505|of leadership you've been through, the struggles, the mistakes, the lessons that you've learned, right? I think, you know, when folks are buying construction, right? The number one thing that they're often times like
515|scared of is like, is this person from charlatan? >> Yeah, can I trust this person? Right? Are they just some scam artist? Or, you know, what are their reviews and things like that? Suddenly being able to see
525|your actual face, what you're all about, seeing you speak, seeing the way that, oh, no, this person's different. like even being vulnerable about some of the things that he has screwed up but the lessons that he's learned it's like
536|there's no one really in these more old school markets that does that right I think bringing that sort of founder brand to these sorts of markets is actually a way bigger opportunity than
546|your traditional >> sort of marketing area and any of these sorts of businesses and we've helped thousands at founder OS the number one thing I always see from the data is that people convert because of the energy of
556|the founder >> right they want to go and get to know the person what they're all about. They like the way they think. They like the way that they convey themselves. They like the lifestyle that they've built
567|and the way that they're currently building their things. So essentially, it comes down to like your, you know, >> Yeah. your character as well as your point of view. >> Yeah. >> Right. Like you have a nuanced point of
578|view. Like in an example, like the thing I resonate with is like, you know, in my own world, I'm trying to build like an apple for founders and you're trying to build like this apple for construction workers, right? like be able to take
590|this whole new spin on the trades. Be able to actually show it as a really beautiful thing, a really valuable career path, something that like actually involves craftsmanship,
600|involves, you know, a high level of service. It's something that's like you're saying too like anti- AI proof is like an amazing career path for folks, but maybe to some extent over like the
610|past 50 years has gradually gotten like degraded and degraded more and just not come across as some clean, beautiful thing. But there's an opportunity to put a new face to it and a new brand and a
620|new aesthetic to it that actually makes it a really attractive thing for so many people. So whenever you're going and growing online, what most people don't have is the right social media machine. And this is everything that we install
630|inside of founder OS, right? It consists of your ideation for the right platforms, the right contextual call to actions that lead to lead magnets and then drive people to actual
640|monetization. Without this social media machine in place, you find yourself spinning your tires putting out a bunch of content that never actually monetizes. And when that's the case, you
650|don't end up building a flywheel around what you're doing. What you want to have is a seamless slope, right? From people going from attention through to nurturing folks and then getting them to
660|convert. So, you can both reinvest an amazing product and content and just have an amazing life where all that cash flow you're going and making, you just reinvest into the kind of things you love to do. We can go into like kind of
671|on the content side, right? Map out like the platforms. >> Yeah. >> And then talk about sort of the ideas and then the right CTAs. >> Yeah.
681|>> Meaning call to actions, right? That we can drive people then to actually go convert and monetize. This is where I see a lot of people get stuck, right? They like have now flywheel. They
691|understand like the importance of building a founder brand. They're getting going with it, but then they don't have like clarity on like what platforms they should be on. They think that they hear from Gary Vee or they see from Hormosi or myself that we're on all
702|these platforms and then they're thinking, "Oh my god, I think I need to be on everything at once. One thing leads to another and then they just start feeling overwhelmed because it's like way too much all at once when like
712|first things first, there's other ways to do it." on the ideation side, like they're just kind of spraying and praying with like a bunch of different ideas, not knowing where's that nice middle ground between stuff that's going
722|to perform well in terms of awareness, but also actually drive monetization so that that flywheel can actually pump, right? Cuz we're not just looking to drive views on the CTAs is essentially
732|the infrastructure now between really your content awareness and actually monetizing folks. And without this layer in place, it's kind of all for nothing
742|cuz it's impossible to then >> connect content with money. And so we'll go and map out the best way to get that done. And then obviously with monetization, my approach just with all
753|of this in general, especially there, is just to keep things as insanely simple as possible. Not over complicate it. Maybe a couple directions people go based on like the couple archetypes that
763|we're talking about. Because on one side we're talking about you're probably going to be creating a lot of great content that's going to attract people that want to go and get construction work with you. So they want a path that they can go. Yeah. And then they're
773|gonna have a bunch of people that are like, "Oh my god, I want to work with this guy and learn from him through his mentorship and then there's a path they go and that's it. >> That's it. Into the business or into me."
783|>> Yeah. Exactly. So when you think about the platforms you're looking to go on Yeah. But when I look at my own business, like my journey started on Twitter, then going to LinkedIn, then going to short form video, then to
794|YouTube. So that's kind of been my journey over the last 5 years at my founder brand. When it comes now to the business and where we're driving most profit, we drive around 40% of our leads
806|and profit from YouTube, 40% from LinkedIn, and then the rest from like Instagram, Tik Tok, etc. Yeah, >> as you're starting to think about your platforms, often times early on, I
816|encourage folks to figure out whether they want to be more camera first or more pen first, picking just like one of those directions to start. Obviously, if you're going more camera first, you're
826|probably going to think about going onto a platform like maybe YouTube or Instagram, getting there. Or, you know, if you're going more writing first, that's where you go like X and LinkedIn.
836|>> Where do you feel like >> Definitely camera first, which I've already sort of started. >> All right. Awesome. And where have you started so far? >> On my on my just personal brand sort of YouTube. I released my first YouTube
847|channel yesterday. Uh sorry, not yesterday, a couple of months ago. And then I went and filmed after the other session, my first one. Yeah. >> So would you film right after it? So you just we just met a couple days ago. We
857|had the mastermind. We went over. I was like just for those of you that are getting going on any of these platforms, take action right away. And so it sounds like you did. >> Yeah. Like as I said to before, the biggest thing I got out of out of what we sat down the other day, I feel like I
868|come into this with like a what strategy am I going to get? And you know what? And it's like you just said, "Fuck it. You're going to die." And I was like, I sort of been sitting on the fence of like, you know, should I tell the story or should I do this? And it's like, man,
878|like why why would I not, you know? So I went home and pulled my camera out, sat in front of the chair, and just ripped it off half an hour. >> So on the YouTube side of things, right, we got that going. So say we've got long
890|form. >> Yeah. And we've got um shorts. >> Yeah. >> And then on Instagram, right, we've got reals >> and carousels. >> Yeah. >> And I don't mind like, you know, um I
902|sort of like on the plane, I just wrote, you know, a few things in my notes and and sort of just chopped that up and and threw it up there. >> Nice. I talk a lot about like I think there's this transition going on with content right now where this like raw real rant kind of style is like coming
914|really in, right? everyone bought like fancy cameras and color grades and all this [\h__\h] during co and then you know we got on the other side of that I think more and more people now just want to
924|get to know like the real you. Yeah. >> I'm often times like when I know I'm looking at even some of the greats whether it's like Steve Jobs or Virgil Abau or whoever I often times like to
935|see just like what's like on their desk like it's cool to see even like what they've got pinned around their stuff as inspo you know or letters they've written to someone else right and so I often times think that just yeah that
946|little handwritten note you're writing on a plane or whatever make just such great content it doesn't need to be polished people just want to see that like raw >> and I feel like that's what I've done like really well. Like I just, you know,
958|I had an old Instagram and I deleted that because it was just a highlight reel of me over overseas and I just like, you know, obviously I got a deep story behind where I am right now and I just jumped on there and just started owning it and it sort of just took off,
969|you know, and and which has been so cool because it was the only thing holding me back like my actual true story was the one thing holding me back to actually being my true self. So going through that journey of like finding my true
979|self and and then doing a lot of inner work. I just talk a lot about that on my Instagram and on YouTube which makes me relatable but then also I run a [\h__\h] sick business. >> Yeah. >> You know. Yeah. So the other format too
990|on Instagram as you know obviously is stories right? So this is a great opportunity as well when people follow you to kind of think about running through like an intentional flow >> over say one or two weeks like sharing
1001|stories a bit on the behind the scenes a little bit on your story then sort of like what you do >> and then a couple CTAs leading people to like hey if you're looking to work through the construction side check out
1011|this lead magnet maybe then maybe on day seven it's kind of driving driving people more to the education side right so making sure that yeah stories are a great obviously opportunity as 100% be
1022|sharing also some of the behind the scenes. >> For sure. Yeah. Last night I was like up till 1 in the morning coding. I just put a story up on that, you know, down. >> That sounds great. >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, let's talk about a little bit of the ideas here. So, in terms of like
1034|just like the way that we want to help Yeah. build this brand essentially. I think >> I really again resonate with this idea of building this like apple of construction in a way, right? Like what
1045|would Steve Jobs do if he was building a business like this? Yeah. >> And so when we think about some of the ideas, I think a lot of the great stuff to like lean into is howto content.
1057|>> Yes. >> Right. Which we can maybe talk about some ideas there. >> Yeah. >> We can talk about like how I >> Yeah. >> which is [snorts] like now getting a little more personal. >> Yeah.
1067|>> And then we can just talk about some of like the kind of core stories that you have and then any other like you know, we'll just call it like wild card ideas that you have.
1077|>> Yeah. as well just for background like typically when I'm going and creating content right we have like enormous amounts of data on what has worked and about 70% of the time we're just
1088|doubling down on the kind of topics that we know work as an example I know if I create a video on how to build a profitable personal brand or any rendition of that it's going to blow up
1098|cuz that's why people are coming to me that's what they know me for proof and you know enormous experience doing that stuff and so we can rinse that kind of idea a thousand in different ways and
1108|just keep becoming this kind of category leader in that kind of founder brand, personal brand, executive brand verticals. >> Yeah. >> Then about 30% of the time roughly, right, is when we may just like try
1119|different [\h__\h] >> Yeah. >> Right. So we're just trying out wild card stuff that we're interested in. Maybe it's a random vlog in the Doommites or just random creative [\h__\h] right? And it's like allowing us to just
1129|test new stuff. Sometimes those things really work and we enjoy them and we'll incorporate those back in. The other side to this that I'm always just aware of as well as I'm making ideas is that
1139|you know views don't equal cash, right? So when I look at my own YouTube as an example, you know, the number one cash generating video is like our 402nd most
1149|popular video. It's like copy this content strategy, it'll blow up your business. And that video has driven us 100K plus >> education >> of cash collected. Yeah. always education based and it's also doing a
1161|great job of being obsessed with the actual end customer and incorporating the kind of things that they care about in our content which might not be and probably isn't with like just the broad audience cares about but you don't care
1171|about that because it's more about you know this niche. >> So we think about how to content as an example. >> Is there stuff that comes to mind for that? >> I guess I'm really big on soul first
1181|business second. So like a lot of the content that I talk about at the moment isn't really much about like numbers and and it's it's all about like you know getting yourself right. So like how to you know how to you know self-regulate
1192|in the morning before you you know like those those those early morning routine things. >> Cool. >> How to start your day as a seven figure founder. >> Cool. So it's like some we got some like one sort of topic is like kind of
1203|mindset. >> Yeah. >> Cool. So yeah, we're going to have a bunch of different ideas around that. >> Yeah. >> Now I think we could have one around like the actual crack. Yeah. >> Right. Because that's something that
1213|both the people that will work with you on the construction side and the education side will care about. >> Yeah. So it be like you know how to I guess I'm sort of in this period now which I really want to do which no one
1223|else does. So to learn the stuff that we do it's very European based not much of it in Australia. It's all in France, Germany and so I did a lot of research like four or five years ago going super
1233|deep into old you know craftsmanships back from you know 80 90 years ago and and and and bringing that to Australia. That's the [\h__\h] dude. Have you suck with this? I'm like, that [\h__\h] sounds insane. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, I've
1244|traveled I went and traveled, you know, France and and and I was like, man, I took so many photos. I was walking around taking photos of like their finished details and stuff cuz they our craft started uh back when, you know,
1255|they used to make armor for for knights to go to, you know, to go into into battle. That's really where our our craft started started from. >> Like, yeah. how I learned this technique
1266|to say it's almost like a placeholder like you could show like that whole journey and so similar here right we can take these same sort of pillars mindset craft and business
1276|>> right and just take them to like how I >> right so you had said like how I >> you know >> on board >> yeah or yeah one thing you had said on the mindset side was kind of like uh how
1288|I like uh run my morning routine that >> right and then yeah like you were just saying with on the business side, yeah, how you onboard people, how I onboard new employees. So on the CTA side,
1299|right, you can then see how these different categories, right, really specifically just kind of like mindset, craft, and business, we can then go and create CTAs around these different
1312|areas. So we have mindset, say, craft, and business. When I'm going and creating CTAs, I talk a lot about how you want to first off make them contextual. Yeah.
1322|>> Right. So, we don't want to have CTAs. It's like, "Hey, if you enjoyed this piece of content, join my newsletter." We do want to have CTAs that are like, "Oh, if you just enjoyed this video on how to go and self-regulate as a leader,
1333|I've gone and created a 10-minute daily routine I use in the morning to self-regulate and a 10-minute routine I use after a stressful situation. Get it via the link in my
1344|>> Yeah. >> Yeah. Sick. So basically right we have first off every CTA is going to be contextual to the piece of content >> it's in. Now the next principle too is
1356|that we want to be like insanely generous. >> You already have that as like a brand which is similar to how I build it's like we want to go and like give to the next generation and give to people and
1366|just the more you give like the most powerful the most powerful force out there is like reciprocity right? So you just said get it back. And so we want to make like with say any of these, right?
1376|Like we look at self-regulation or your morning routine like what would be the most generous thing you think you give away? >> Yeah, self-regulation for sure. I think it's it's so important for a person that comes from, you know, the way of life that I sort of live and and and a lot of
1387|my my buyers are not self-regulated, you know, and in survival mode, >> right? So yeah, some self-regulation routine or maybe it's a system. >> Yeah. >> But that they can go and use.
1397|>> Yeah. Then the key thing, right, is these CTAs lead to these sort of lead magnets that simply can be built initially just like in a Google doc. >> Yeah. >> And inside of that Google doc, right,
1408|you just have an a link. >> Yeah. >> Where they can go and take basically one of two paths. >> Okay. >> And so when we look at the monetization side, >> [\h__\h] this. I don't make sense. There's
1418|really only two paths and issues that I think you need to worry about. There's one that's like kind of let's just say it's work with me [snorts] directly let's say which is like let's just say
1428|that was the education side. Yeah. >> You know and then it's like ones like get what is it like get us to build your dream house or >> as in like client base it be like get in touch like yeah like um yeah so uh get a
1441|you know say quote to work with me or something like that something like that. to think about that one a little more. But basically, you have a core CTA that's for the mentorship and then one that is for, you know, the actual
1453|building side of things. And so because of those the two paths you're monetizing folks inside of any given lead magnet, right, there's that option to go there
1464|and the option to go there. >> Yeah. >> On these pages, so these are just on the same zmh.com or whatever website. >> Yeah. Mhm. >> These pages have obviously like a
1474|headline. >> Yeah. >> A VSSL like a video sales letter. >> Yeah. >> And then a actual like say tight form link initially. >> Yeah. >> And then if the person is qualified to
1486|work with you here or same thing down here then you proceed with like the next step. >> Yeah. >> It's likely either way probably a sales call. And that is sort of the process.
1498|So basically everything you just saw that's here with Zach is only about 2% of what we do inside of Founder OS. And we do it all for you. I'm talking CTAs, lead magnets, landing pages, you name
1508|it, we do it for you and build your social media machine inside of Founder OS. So that's interesting. Go and check it out via the link in the description. We'll get on a call and get you started. Where am I making this content on? Cuz
1518|I've obviously got ZMH like roofing like that's the business and then I've got like Zack Hansen which is my personal page. Yeah, >> it's like what am I
1529|s I be should I be like installing a flashing should that obviously be on ZMH
1539|roofing or how much of it is founder le like cuz Zach Hansen is the founder. >> Yeah. You know, so when I'm building it all, I would recommend that you have as
1549|with my brands, right? It's like every company has its own brand page. Yeah. Right. the majority of where the growth is coming from, the leads are coming from, is from my actual personal page. Yeah. Right. Because people follow people, then they follow. So, now that
1561|Zach has the entire social media machine mapped out for him, he's going to be able to now go and take his $7 million roofing business and turn this into an actual conglomerate where he's got the education piece and the construction
1572|piece all under one roof, all being driven by his founder brand. Now, if you want to go and get this implemented for you in your business, be sure to go and check out Founder OS. Thank you so much for watching. Be sure to like and
1582|subscribe and I'll see you in the next one over here where I dive deep into the psychology behind building a founder brand.
