3|I generated $1.7 million from a single workshop that took me two hours to create. And in this video, I'm going to give you the indepth systems, slides, and scripts that I use to construct a
13|workshop in just a matter of a couple hours. And I do this without coming across as salesy. The workshop that I'm about to show you converted over 23% of attendees to high ticket clients.
25|Candidly, I've never shared this publicly before. So, let's get into it. So this is how to create a killer workshop that converts. The perfect workshop formula consists of first off a
36|storydriven hook. Secondly, valuepacked content, third, a strategic pitch, a follow-up sequence, an automation system. Okay? And so we need to nail
47|those five parts to really make sure that you have the right workshop system, and you can go and implement this for yourself. And so your first five minutes are everything. You want to make sure
57|that you have an amazing title of your workshop that captures people from social. And so how things work on my side is that one week of the month, we do a 7-day countdown that leads up to
69|this workshop. And so we're promoting that across my Instagram, across X and LinkedIn, driving people to a workshop link at founder OS.com/workshop and getting people to
80|register. Now, the cool thing is there's a bit of a growth hack going on there that when they register to the workshop, they also get piped in to my email list in HubSpot. So, I'm both getting workshop attendees and email list
93|subscribers that I can market to for the next decade. So, it's a real big hack that way. In addition to that, beyond the pattern interrupt, right? So, you want to start with an amazing story when you get going here. Okay. From there,
104|you're going to really address a big pain point that your audience has. And I'm going to show you an example here in a minute from my own workshop. You're again going to paint the dream outcome for people and then create an aha
115|moment, right? You want to make sure that people are instantly captured. Very similar to how on YouTube, your first 30 seconds are imperative to your success. Well, the same thing goes for a
125|workshop. I do a freaking really high impact story that really gets people hyped. And then we move at a solid clip going through value. I tell them to get their pen and paper out so they're ready
135|to go. and we just drop knowledge. My goal in these things is basically to have an insane value per second so people are like, "Wow, I am so grateful
145|I showed up to this." I always want to make sure too that I'm competing on generosity. And so we give people some free resources at the end of the workshop that rewards them for sticking
155|around. And I'll show you here exactly those free resources so you can go and copy them for yourself. I simply use notion and me and my team will go and cook up some cool template that we think
165|would be really useful to people. So right here you can see our 90-day growth checklist. This 90-day checklist goes and contains the 90-day action plan that I think people need to go and implement
175|if they want to go and scale their audience themselves without my help. So I'm just again trying to be generous, help people out, giving them a resource that I know will provide insane value to them. And inside of this resource, we're
188|giving people a checklist week by week of what they need to accomplish to go and start developing warm leads from their organic content. And so I'm just overd delivering on the promise of the
198|workshop to make sure again that people are fired up, they feel the generosity, they feel the energy, and they are motivated to take action. Because whether or not founders work with me, I just want to make sure that founders
209|have the tools that they need um to make a massive impact in their company, in their community, with their team. um and achieve their visions, right? This is what fires me up. That's candidly why I
219|get out of bed every single day. So, you want to get those first four to five slides of your workshop and those first five minutes dialed in. Practice makes perfect. So, make sure that when you
229|show up to the workshop, you know, you're not just winging it. Practicing your workshop a few times also going to help you nail things. So, when it comes to the content delivery, there are really three core secrets that I like to
239|go give people. You can't give everyone in like an hour or a 90minute workshop. So you got to choose your most frothy systems, right? So I'll choose things maybe like helping people build their
250|personal media company, helping them with their content waterfall system, and then also learn the content GPS to convert people from their organic audience to paying high ticket clients.
261|So that's the kind of systems that all go drop. You want to go think about what are your most powerful systems, playbooks, tips, tricks, whatever that you can give people so that regardless
272|of whether they buy for you or not, you're creating an insane amount of goodwill. Again, compete on generosity. Give people the behind the scenes, right? Show them how it all works. When
282|I go and I show up to these workshops, I go and think to myself, you know, how can I just be as generous as possible for people going and being a part of this movement that I'm creating across
292|social? you know, I'm really just putting myself in this vibe, this energy of extreme generosity. You know, my belief is that there's so much noise out there online. And when you can go and
302|really connect with people's hearts, when you can show up in a way that they can feel the love, right, it creates a massive impact. And when I go and look at surveys of why people decided to join
312|Founder OS, about 62% of people say that it was my energy, my vibe was the reason that they converted because they felt that they could trust me. they could relate to me. As much as I'm about to
323|show you all the systems behind these workshops, I don't want you to lose track of the fact that your energy, your own vibe, your founder energy, right? It matters. And when you can really lean
334|into you and your uniqueness, your edge, I think that is ultimately your superpower. From there, you want to make sure that people also get concrete action steps. And I'm going to show you how I think about concrete action steps
345|throughout this video so you can go and implement this stuff. Give them wins that they can implement today. Cuz if we can help the attendees feel momentum now, they're going to trust that whatever is behind, you know, the paid
356|service or product that you're selling, it must be indicative of the same value that you're dropping on the workshop. And so when it comes to then the perfect pitch framework, you want to have value
366|plus a solution plus a bridge plus an offer. You want to make sure that you're not only delivering a high-v value workshop, but that you have an insane follow-up machine after. Because around
377|60% of your sales are going to happen after the workshop, not even on it. Okay? Because people will go and look at those follow-up emails, and then they're going to pull the trigger, go to your
388|CTA link, and then actually book a call with your team or convert directly depending on how you're doing it in your business. I like to go and give them the immediate replay the next day. 24 hours
398|later, I give them all the bonuses that I'd shared, right? From there, 48 hours later, I'm sharing different case studies. Okay? And then we're giving them a final offer within 72 hours. So,
409|what's happening is is that they're getting an email right after, right, thanking them for showing up, an email the next day, giving them the replay and a bonus. The next day after that,
419|they're getting a case study. And then the final day, which is about 3 days after the workshop, they're getting a last, best, and final offer. that you're essentially going and taking all the attendees that you had for your workshop
430|and driving as many of them to hot leads and paying customers of your company, but doing it in a way that's leading with generosity, leading with just a good energy to help again build this
441|good vibe and goodwill with your audience. You know, I look at a lot of founders and they're building things with cold ads and they're coming across as salesy. And while that may cause a quick spike in sales, it it's not how
452|you build a brand. I set out to build Founder OS because I wanted to build something that was like what Apple did for creatives in the 70s, what Nike has done for athletes in the 80s. I'm trying
463|to do with founders in the 20s. Creating a brand that's aspirational and I'm looking to build this for the next 70 years, not the next 7 months. So for me,
473|brand is everything, right? And the goodwill and the relationships we have with founders is everything. If you really subscribe to this approach, I think you're going to love the way that we deliver workshops and using this for
484|your own product or service. Because the key thing here, right, is that once you build out this workshop, it can go and be something that you use month after month. What I generally advise founders to do is, you know, create a workshop
495|you're really proud of and then go and each month change the title of it and maybe change the initial story you have, but you can keep the same value there for a second. So, some founders will ask, you know, so I've done this
505|workshop once or twice. I'm just gonna now record this and have an auto webinar, an auto workshop running. I don't advise that. You know, I've been running workshops live for two years. No
515|recordings of it, right? No auto webinars. I just deliver live value. Now, I know this is a bit controversial, but the truth is I think even if you're going to go and record your workshop
525|eventually, you should wait until you have perfected that stuff. I like to go and think of at least committing to six months of delivering these workshops once per month to your audience so you
535|can really refine it. Get comfortable with it, make tweaks to it because the truth is that each time you're probably going to make your workshop at least 30% better. Put in those reps, right?
545|Because good things happen when you just keep at it versus trying to get some quick, you know, buck or just a quick shortcut. Um, and you know, I think
555|quality really matters. Once you start going right, you want to go and start putting your workshop on autopilot. So, you're going to have a registration page like the one I'll show you. We have ours at
565|founderwest.com/workshop. In addition there, you're going to have email sequences gone and built out so that you're promoting the workshop leading up to it. These are the exact workshop templates that I use to drive people to
576|the workshop and attend live prior. And then also the workshop series that I send to people after. I'm going to give you the templates and some examples that we actually used over the course of the
586|last couple years. So, here I'm going to give you something that's probably worth like $10,000. Here you can see pre-workshop email number one. You can see right when people register, we're going and thanking them for joining,
597|letting them know they can share this on X or on Twitter, which creates this flywheel so they're telling more of their friends that they joined and thereby more of their friends now joined. And these kind of viral loops
607|are something that we're very big on teaching and giving founders inside of Founder OS. We're letting them know that when they attend live, there is a special surprise giveaway that we're giving them, so they're not going to
618|want to miss it. From there, we have a number of other pre-workshop emails that go and really get them bought in. We're helping them understand the different pain points that people have and the things that we're going to be delivering
628|in terms of the value on the workshop. again building this hype, making sure that they've got their calendar marked because we are about to drop some knowledge. Now, inside of this as well,
638|workshop email number three, we're showing them different testimonials from our community, what people have been saying about the workshops and about Founder OS to really get them hyped so that they're already coming in the right
648|frame of mind. They got their pen, their paper, they're excited, they're ready to go, and they're not just showing up there kind of like, "What the heck is this? What do you even do?" No, they should already be in the right frame of
659|mind before they even join the workshop. So then the pre-workshop email number four is letting them know, hey, 3 hours, we're going live here. So let's buckle
669|up, get ready, we're about to make this thing happen. Then you're sending them likely an email 1 hour before, maybe even one 30 minutes before. It depends on how you want to do things. But this
679|is just again making sure that people do not miss it because you've put in all this work. You've marketed this thing across social. We need to make sure that people are now actually showing up because the main goal here is live
691|attendees. And so you can just go and what I'd recommend is taking these templates but then making them your own. Okay? So these serve as a good structure. Uh but again everything that you send people especially when it comes
701|to marketing for me it's about coming across as non-salesy using stories using your vibe using the way that you speak to convey your energy to your audience.
711|I think that's really what separates great founders from just all right founders. You can go and get all these templates via the link below. And if you want me or my team to help you go and
722|implement this system for you in your business, well then go and book a call because we'd love to chat with you. It'll either be me or someone on my team to go and learn more about what you've
732|got going on and help you get onboarded to Founder O so we can go and make an impact in your business. So you're getting as much people that have signed up aware that this is going on and
742|encouraging them to come live to the workshop. And that's key. You don't just want people going and sticking around to get a replay. You want to encourage people to come live because when they're live, they're there. They're in the
753|energy. They get the free bonuses that you share on the live to the live people and they're able to ask questions. And I think there's just a bigger sort of conversion rate, candidly, when people
765|actually attend it live versus watching it on their own, maybe skipping through it or getting distracted in the recording. And so live attendees is everything. Those are your highest converting folks. In addition to that,
776|you want to make sure you have a simple text stack set up, and I'll show you mine here in a second. When it comes to the tech stack, too many people over complicate things. I at first thought you needed to use insane tools like
786|webinar jam and all this crazy stuff to go and deliver these workshops. That's actually not the case. On the delivery side, I just use Zoom and I keep it super simple. In terms of the emails, we
797|use HubSpot, but you can use whatever email service provider that you use. On the design side, we use Figma. And then on the checkout side, we use Stripe.
807|Okay? So, just keeping it all super simple. And then each of the workshops, we give away a free system. And how this works is when someone goes and joins the workshop, I let them know, hey, at the
817|end of this hour, I'm going to go and give those of you that stick around a free system that me and the team have spent a couple hours going and creating that encourages people then to stick around for the whole bit of value,
827|including the offer made at the end so that they learn from me, they're engaged, and then they get this free system at the end that blows their mind. It really shows them the amount of
837|generosity that we have and how willing I am to show up to founders and really help them. And then make sure that you're utilizing your entire content waterfall. For us, that looks like going
847|and promoting the workshop in our featured section and at the end of every post on LinkedIn. We're posting it as well in our X link in bio and then at
857|the end of different X threads and posts to promote it. In addition to that, we also have it on YouTube. We have it in Instagram posts that are hooked up to Manyhat. So I am arming my entire fleet
867|of organic audience and CTAs to drive people to this core workshop, right? So we get the maximum amount of live attendees. So when you look at it,
878|right, you want to be aiming for a registration rate of around 40% of people that hit the workshop page you create converting to actual attendees. Okay. From there, you want to be aiming
890|on the sales conversion side to about 10% of live attendees converting to the product or service that you go and pitch. In addition to that, you want to make sure that your show up rate, people
901|that go and confirm for the workshop, at least 40 25% of those people you want actually showing up. And then ideally, you're getting to about a 300% ROI from
912|your time and the investment that you've put into this. Right now, workshops, like anything, right? They may take a couple reps to get right. You know, I remember my first one, I think I had
922|like 30 attendees, right? But I stuck with it and I kept putting in the reps. And these days, we get at least 600 live attendees on most of our workshops because it just keeps compounding. And
933|at even conservative conversion rates, you know, we're making hundreds of thousands of dollars each month that we run these. Um, in many cases, a lot more than that. Workshop killers though that
943|I want you to avoid are the following. First off, information overload. Keep your slides to like 60 max. Okay? You don't want to overload your audience. In addition to that, a weak hook.
954|Storytelling wins. So, make sure that when you're starting a workshop, you lead with an engaging story. In addition to that, poor transitions, right? You want to make sure it flows, right? And it's not just one piece of value over
965|here and then some other disperate piece of value over there, right? You want people to get captivated, to settle in, relax, get their pen and paper out, and to be actively engaged and learning
975|because again, you're giving them a taste of what they can expect in your paid product. So, you want this to be an absolute banger so they're like, "Damn, I really want to learn from this human."
985|versus it feeling kind of choppy. You need to make sure that your follow-up game is immaculate, and I'm going to give you my exact templates here. We also have these postworkshop emails as well. Post workshop email number one
996|which is going to be sent 30 minutes after. It's like thanks so much for joining me. It's awesome to have you. At the end of our time together, I invited you to apply to, you know, founder OS or whatever it was. These calls are
1006|specifically targeted to insert your target market who are serious about specific goal. If that's you, I highly recommend you apply for a call before the spots are filled. I owe a lot of my
1016|success to, you know, taking action, making things happen. And so, I want to encourage you to take action yourself. You may have a few more testimonials and then get people to book a call or you
1026|could get them to directly go and purchase your product depending on how exactly you sell things. In my case, I get people to book a call and they get on a call with my team of brand strategists that help them out. In some
1037|people's cases, they sell directly from a workshop to a product link. Either one can work. I prefer getting people on a call. If it's a product that you're selling that's above $2,000. If you're
1048|selling something that's below $2,000, you could be selling that directly via a product link in your workshop. Okay? So, it just depends on the pricing that you have. From there, the next morning, I'll send an email like this subject line,
1059|your workshop replay. You know, yesterday's workshop was awesome. At the end of our time together, I invited you to apply for a specific, you know, call with me and my team. Here's the link. If
1069|you missed any part of the workshop, here is the replay for you where I'll link the replay, which is just simply the Zoom recording. I may leave a few more testimonials and then just say, you know, if you're ready to take action,
1079|then book a call with me or my team via the link here. And so these are the mistakes that you want to avoid. And trust me, I've made a lot of these mistakes, right? Having run these for a
1089|couple years, I had no idea what I was doing when I started, right? This was all new to me, but I put in the reps. I stuck with it. I was consistent. And I committed. And when you commit to
1100|something, you know, I think good things happen. You know, at first I wasn't really sure how to do the stories to start them. I had decks that were like 120 slides long and I was just flipping through them like a rapid man, right?
1110|The truth is I learned that over time you want to give yourself time to breathe, to tell stories, to actually be able to go and convey your energy to the audience versus feeling like you just
1121|got to rush through it. People want to genuinely connect with you. So beyond just the value you're providing, you want to give yourself time to slow down to really connect with folks um so that they really enjoy it. Um and if they're
1133|having fun, they're going to convert. In terms of your own implementation guideline here, week one, you know, you probably want to go and design your workshop. So start creating the content and then putting it into either Canva or
1143|into Figma. I think you want to take the time to actually have something that looks great because the quality of it is indicative of the quality of your product and brand. Week two then start
1153|creating all your content and your organic content funnel around your workshop. And this is the stuff that we give people inside of found us is the exact playbooks, the exact content that we use, but I'm going to give you a
1163|taste of that here. In addition, you want to get your whole marketing system set up week three. And then week four, start to build the automations. So you don't need to do this all manually. So this is your four-week execution guide.
1174|And when you execute each piece of this, I think you have a workshop that is ready and primed to go. Are you ready to build your workshop? Well, if you want help with the complete workshop system,
1185|you want my help, my team's help, actually going and constructing this with you, helping you formulate the whole thing and being there every step of the way to help you construct something that makes a massive impact,
1197|not just in your business, but in your community and the movement and the impact you're looking to make. Well, then go and apply to Founder OS via the link below. You can go and apply, get on
1207|a call with either me or my team, and we'd love to help you. Let's win together. Please like and subscribe and welcome to the founder freedom movement.
