2|Okay. So, personal board meeting. This time every month, you do a reflection on how you did the previous month and then go and chart out your goals. So, I'm going
12|to go through my July personal board meeting right now. So, starting off, we got our personal board of adviserss, right? These are the people that are helping me go and scale out my businesses. People across strategy,
23|tech, sales, AI, copywriting, everything in between. Building an a team, design, traveling, coaching, copywriting, built-in distribution, day one, automating tasks, soulful journey, memberships, and community. My one big
34|domino every single day is to have an unbeatable 4-hour deepwork system that produces at least one highquality, exceptional piece of high lever content every single day. Content is the fuel
45|for all of my businesses. It drives organic growth. It drives top talent to what I'm doing. It helps propel the movement. It drives conversions, viewers, applications. We've been crushing it there with consistent
56|exceptional content. And then I kind of chart that out over 30 days, even over the year, of the one thing I need to do that will make everything else easier or unnecessary. So on the personal 30-day goals, we had to book a 1 week writing
68|week. So we got that done. It actually ended up being here in Norway. I am in Rafain Norway right now. Been hiking, enjoying life, ripping it. Getting a house in Europe. So, I am heading to
79|Portugal, then to North Visa, then to Marba to go and look at homes uh and looking to get a European home base. So, that project is underway at the moment.
90|Stay tuned. And if you have any recommendations for spots I should be checking out, feel free to put that in the comments below. I'll be looking. We are well underway there. That's all moving. Sleep hygiene's been good. We're
100|getting our 8 hours of sleep. So here you can see, you know, I have, you know, our goal, which we've crushed, of 600K monthly cash collected in July. So I'm
110|charting out all the little tasks that need to get done in July to go and make this happen. As I go through the month, I'm checking this about 3, four times a week and crossing out the tasks as we
120|complete them. Simply just kind of ripping through stuff here. Um, so we set up our low ticket funnel, a whole funnel that integrates into our HubSpot that drives people to different low ticket products between $29 and $149
131|that I sell. And we've been showing our work daily, which has been awesome. We'll cross that off. We optimized the email course. We showed our work daily here. We've been designing some magic.
143|Got our upsells ribbon. Good [\h__\h] So, books to read. Hammered through this. I read generally about two books every week, sometimes one. So, we've crushed through a lot of these here and are off
155|to the races. Generally, what I like to do, assuming that the author is still live and the books I'm reading, is I'll actually go and outreach to that author and try to set up a call just to go and chop it up. That's the power of having a
165|big audience online. People actually go and answer your DMs, which is awesome. So, I've been doing that though my whole life. This is how I, you know, raised, you know, $6 million for Herb, um, is just by reaching out to people, um, and
176|making a habit of trying to reach out to a few people a day, um, just to build my network. And so here you can see I'm revisiting my vision every month. Right now, you know, 10 year goals are things like being madly in love with my wife and having an amazing family, epic road
188|trip, simplicity, retired, just doing art every day. Um, I see myself these days as more of an artist than an entrepreneur. So, lots of big goals there. We're publishing the book this year, which is going to be dropped in a
198|few months. currently here in Lafeton and have a big little trip here to get a home in Europe over the next couple months, but then heading out to Bali for
208|an epic founder retreat we're hosting there and then to Japan snowboarding for the winter. So, some big things planned there. So, over the next 90 days, we are, you know, getting this book
219|published, continuing to, you know, manifest this home base in Europe, which is a big big milestone. I have plans near the end of the year to go to India.
229|What I've learned with success is that there is one key concept I've learned from the book called the slight edge. It's that everything is a curve. It's either an upward curve or a downward curve. And obviously as a successful
239|person, you want to ride that upward curve. That upward curve is the combination of every decision that you make, right? Every touch point, every email, every message, every call, every move you make. And so you want to make
249|sure that you're making one good move after the other, right? asking yourself, you know, is this one thing I'm doing right now going to help my compounding in life, right? And compound me in a great way. So, I like to ask myself
260|things like, you know, does this support the peace in my life, the profit, the purpose? Is this the one thing I should be doing right now that will make everything else easier or unnecessary? And then sometimes I ask myself honestly just what makes the best story. And
270|that's probably how I found myself here in Norway was just figured this would be really fun, good chance to get away. So said, "Fuck it. Let's do it." All right. So looking at Gondess's visions too, I
282|go then through the marketing calendar and this is the most important part of July though, right? So we're at the end of the July. So I'm going to reflect on what went well. Tons of hiking in. You know, I was able to get a lot of reading
293|in. I loved reading. Unreasonable hospitality. What else? Norway was epic. Lots of creativity and design improvements. and we finished the book
305|manuscript which was a huge milestone cuz I've been going through like tons and tons of that over the last few years. What didn't go well? I think there's some improvements to be made on
316|the team and velocity. Always trying to increase the level of velocity on the team. I think that you know honestly
326|everything's going pretty well though so it's pretty hard to find things but I always like to try and find some stuff that I can improve. Um, I think we can do a better job with our YouTube growth
337|engine and continue just to reinforce it, make it better. Actually, that's it. I think that's it. So, where did I learn the importance? You know, always I policy always learning this the
347|importance of amazing talent, right? We made some new talent adjustments on Founder OS and Herb did that a game changer. So, just constantly reinvesting in talent. learned the importance of
358|energy um and vibe on our sales team. We've been leaning into the culture there um and the vibe and it's been amazing. Everyone's vibing on a high level, loving their lives. We're all
368|learning together. It feels like every week it's like a you know leadership group all kind of getting together and just upping one another's game and so that's been something that's been an amazing learning. I've also learned I love Europe, hence why I want to get a
379|home here. Um get a home here. Yeah, hiking freeze my mind. Yeah, I don't know. We need a little uh little yogurt break.
389|Authenticity equals sharing the real behind these scenes moments. This is what people really want to see from you.
400|I've been surveying more and more people on Instagram and on YouTube and more and more people like, "Dude, just show us behind the scenes of your life, what you're struggling with, what's going on." Right? So, this is it a step forward, right? Just showing you guys how I kind of do my thing. So, here we
411|go. That's the July board meeting. Now, because August is around the corner, it's July 26th right now. We start to go and make the August board meeting here and make a copy of this. And then what
422|I'll go do is chart this thing out and just go update it. We keep the personal board advisor the same every single month, unless I'm adding new people, but right now that's solid. As I'm scaling
432|this YouTube growth engine, trying to get YouTube to a million subs this year, we have, you know, some big things underway. We got we're adding people to our team. I'm also part of a YouTube mind meldd which is a YouTube
443|mastermind, right? And I just want to point out to you guys the importance of having a mastermind. If you're looking to go and grow faster in your given area and scale up, it's important that you surround yourself with the right people that are going to help you go and hit
453|your goals, right? You are the product of the five people that you spend the most time with. And so for me, if I'm looking to go and up my YouTube game, as an example, I'm surrounding myself with people like Olly Abdoll, Dan Martell,
464|and the list goes on, right? a group of legends inside of this mindmel that are all going upping one another's game and helping each other get to the next level. So just a quick tidbit there. I
474|have this basically on my computer, but I also have this on my phone right on my Google Slides. And so I can check this multiple times a day when I'm in an Uber, when I'm traveling, when I'm on an airplane. I can see it. I can envision
484|it. I can feel it. I can, you know, really embody this in every decision that I make, right? Getting that slight edge in everything that I do. The real part here is when it comes to my personal 30-day goals here. So, we got a
495|house in Europe we're getting. We got the mobility daily amazing sleep hygiene. We're going to read four books. What else are we going to do this month? We're going to finish illustrations for
506|the book. So, there we go. Keep it simple. I don't overdo it over here. So, what I'll do is all the stuff that I did last month. I'll just cross this stuff off and then launch AI agent launch 21
520|days of profit email course. Launch new company dashboard. Film three videos in Lisbon. Go and see
532|six potential homes in Lisbon. Then we're going to go in Northiza. Do this again cuz I just like to keep that there. Optimize the
542|email course. Send book to 10 beta readers. Film 20 short videos. Yeah, that's
553|pretty good. We're going to do make a new goal here. So, we're going to get to 700K. Bingo. All right, new book. So, what I generally go here is do my reading list here. You can see all the
563|books that I've read this year so far. So, things like Wobbishabi, Be Here Now by Rahm Doss, Let Them Theory by Mel Robbins, Perennial Seller by Ryan Holidayiday, really good book. The next
573|ones that we are going to be reading here, I'm going to read Kitchen Confidential by Anthony Bourdain, the legend. If you guys really want to, you know, up your game, I think it's all about, you know, reading regularly.
586|Reading is such a superpower, right? You get to like go and learn from legends and almost putting them on as your mentor in a sense. Let's read some stuff by Senica, probably. Honestly, I just read books that interest me. I think the
597|most important thing is just to always be reading. Inevitably, you just read a lot. And every book that I read teaches me something new in life. Um, that helps me just take how I think, my mindset uh
607|to the next level. So always be reading folks. Then I kind of revisit my vision which stays the same. I'm just always looking at this. So nothing changes there. And then same thing over here. All good. This is our marketing
617|calendar. So you can see in October, November, we got Black Friday, Cyber Monday coming around the corner. So I'll probably start working on that. So now that I look at it, that is kind of the board meeting. You know, here we go.
627|August personal board advisor done. We got our domino personal 30-day goals done. Business goals done. Books we're going to read, visions clear, calendar done, and then I'll clear this off. So
637|this will be my reflection for end of August. Nice and clean, ready to go. So what I then do is I pull this down into my desktop here. I just make it a so that means August my board meeting. I
647|bring my July one. Now the cool thing here y'all is like look at this MG folder here. I go here and see I have all these board meetings. And the tribute part is let's go to MG and I can
658|go all the way back to like May. I don't even know when this is May 2022. Oh my god. I can rewind back to May 2022 here. Cool thing is I still have that icky
668|guy. And what's changed? Well, I've optimized this consistently now for about 3 years. And it's trippy because like I'm living it, right? Hiking, mountain biking, living the dream, coaching founders, you know, traveling
679|the world, living the dream, right? Like it's all coming true. What will you do? I'm going to set my personal brand on fire. Back here, I said I get my Twitter to 100K, LinkedIn to 100K, email to 50K. Now my Twitter's at 360K, LinkedIn's at
691|840K, emails at 190K. Pretty insane. I said I'd launch a soul for entrepreneurship course. Well, now I run something called Founder OS, helping founders achieve their dreams through
701|proven systems. And you know, that's what we're all about, right? If you're interested in applying to Foundest, you can go and check it out via the link in the description. Um, definitely want to check it out. If you're looking to get mentorship from me directly and my team,
712|my seuite, over 50 live sessions with us every single month. But you can see how small I was starting here, right? I wanted to have a community product that would bring in 500k a year. Now we do 10x that. I want to get Herb to are on
723|autopilot. It now does that. The books I'm going to read again. You can see I was always just investing in books and upping my game in personal development. You want to go and rise in success, you
734|have to rise as a leader. And the way to rise as a leader is to invest in personal development. Personal development is the key to your success because you need to upgrade yourself. I've been doing this for a long, long
744|time. I've actually been doing this almost, you know, probably 8 years now. It's been the most powerful system in my life. So, if you're looking to go and complete your own personal board meeting, you should go and check out the template I've put in the description. Go
754|and make sure that on the last Saturday or Sunday of every month, you are reflecting on your previous month and then charting out your next month's board meeting. And then I would encourage you to be revisiting it every
764|single morning. It should be dictating what you do that day, what your tasks are. It should dictate how you're going and improving not just your business, but living a more vibrant life. And so
774|this is the most powerful system I've ever created. I wanted to go and give it to you because I want you guys to go and be able to achieve the kind of life that I've been able to achieve here. Um, and
784|be a part of this amazing founder freedom movement. A community, a movement of founders that are dedicated to achieving true freedom. It's all about action, guys. Thank you so much for tuning in, for being a part of the
794|founder freedom movement, and let's win together.
