# Incremental Attribution Added to Compare Attribution Settings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LiVldOJenA  (20250427, 62s, shorts)

[00:00 | t=0] Another update to incremental
[00:02 | t=2] Another update to incremental attribution. When you compare
[00:04 | t=4] attribution. When you compare
[00:04 | t=4] attribution. When you compare attribution settings, you may have a new
[00:06 | t=6] attribution settings, you may have a new
[00:06 | t=6] attribution settings, you may have a new advanced option for incremental
[00:08 | t=8] advanced option for incremental
[00:08 | t=8] advanced option for incremental attribution. Only advertisers who have
[00:11 | t=11] attribution. Only advertisers who have
[00:11 | t=11] attribution. Only advertisers who have access to incremental attribution will
[00:13 | t=13] access to incremental attribution will
[00:13 | t=13] access to incremental attribution will see this when comparing attribution
[00:15 | t=15] see this when comparing attribution
[00:15 | t=15] see this when comparing attribution settings. Incremental conversions focus
[00:18 | t=18] settings. Incremental conversions focus
[00:18 | t=18] settings. Incremental conversions focus on those that would not have happened if
[00:20 | t=20] on those that would not have happened if
[00:20 | t=20] on those that would not have happened if people hadn't seen your ad. The nice
[00:22 | t=22] people hadn't seen your ad. The nice
[00:22 | t=22] people hadn't seen your ad. The nice thing about this addition is that you
[00:24 | t=24] thing about this addition is that you
[00:24 | t=24] thing about this addition is that you don't need to change your attribution
[00:25 | t=25] don't need to change your attribution
[00:25 | t=25] don't need to change your attribution setting to view incremental conversions.
[00:28 | t=28] setting to view incremental conversions.
[00:28 | t=28] setting to view incremental conversions. Here's an example that displays the
[00:30 | t=30] Here's an example that displays the
[00:30 | t=30] Here's an example that displays the number of reported results next to the
[00:32 | t=32] number of reported results next to the
[00:32 | t=32] number of reported results next to the incremental conversions. The difference
[00:34 | t=34] incremental conversions. The difference
[00:34 | t=34] incremental conversions. The difference in this example is minimal. You'll see
[00:37 | t=37] in this example is minimal. You'll see
[00:37 | t=37] in this example is minimal. You'll see vastly different gaps depending on your
[00:39 | t=39] vastly different gaps depending on your
[00:39 | t=39] vastly different gaps depending on your advertising. If you are remarketing, I'd
[00:42 | t=42] advertising. If you are remarketing, I'd
[00:42 | t=42] advertising. If you are remarketing, I'd expect far fewer incremental
[00:44 | t=44] expect far fewer incremental
[00:44 | t=44] expect far fewer incremental conversions. In this case, I used broad
[00:46 | t=46] conversions. In this case, I used broad
[00:46 | t=46] conversions. In this case, I used broad targeting and I'm guessing there was
[00:48 | t=48] targeting and I'm guessing there was
[00:48 | t=48] targeting and I'm guessing there was very little algorithmic remarketing. If
[00:51 | t=51] very little algorithmic remarketing. If
[00:51 | t=51] very little algorithmic remarketing. If you have this, I'm curious what you see.
[00:53 | t=53] you have this, I'm curious what you see.
[00:53 | t=53] you have this, I'm curious what you see. Smart advertisers stay in the loop so
[00:55 | t=55] Smart advertisers stay in the loop so
[00:55 | t=55] Smart advertisers stay in the loop so they don't get left behind. Subscribe to
[00:57 | t=57] they don't get left behind. Subscribe to
[00:57 | t=57] they don't get left behind. Subscribe to my weekly recap at johnloomer.com/loop.
