# MKBHD Breaks Down His Biggest Video Ever
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0yq_9meV_4
Date: 2026-05-09

[00:00] What's up? I'm Marquez Brownley and I'm here to break down one of my favorite videos I've ever made. &gt;&gt; This is I shrunk down to an M5 Apple chip, which people are saying is the best video you've ever made. We're going to get into the details and then talk about some of the stuff that I rarely get to talk about anywhere else. It's the one that took the most work and has the most mindblowing things in it. So, here I am. You know, the person you know, I'm 6' 3. Okay, flex. We got it. You're 6'. &gt;&gt; We're in the same room you shot that video. I'm wearing a headband that has like ping pong balls. There's a camera
[00:30] at 45 straight ahead 45 to record all of my movements in 3D space like Matrix style. &gt;&gt; Exactly. That's not actually on the table in front of me. That's virtual. What take is this? So, I have like an hour of footage of me trying to deliver this. I worked on the script for like 6 months. This is the most important shot of the whole video. Was Apple involved at all in this? I got one email from someone at Apple being like, Marquez, you tweeted out that this video
[01:00] was the best video you ever uploaded. Why is that? &gt;&gt; It's just the one that took the most work and is the hardest to replicate and has the most mindblowing things in it. It was just the most fun. All right, let's watch. &gt;&gt; Isn't it crazy how we taught rocks to do math? &gt;&gt; Anyway, what is that opening line? That has nothing to do with the video. No, it does. It does. Okay. I worked on the script for like six months. Okay. So, I've been thinking about Apple silicon, about Macs, about transistors, about
[01:30] processors for 6 months while scripting this video. And at the end of the day, you get all the way down to the bottom of the scale. And it's just silicon that is doing billions of compute per second. It's just rocks doing math. Oh, and that's that was like I needed to put that in the script somewhere, but I had nowhere to put it. So, I just opened the video with it. And hopefully by the end, if there's rewatch, like replay value, people hit that line again and
[02:00] they're like, "That is kind of crazy." Every year now, for a few years in a row, Apple unveils the latest version of their computer chips. And every year, there's some slide or some graphic with an impossibly big number of transistors on one chip. Dear lord, like I'm having like corporate PTSD looking at like this like screen. This this to the average consumer, it doesn't mean much. Like these are just big numbers. &gt;&gt; Exactly. What does this mean to a regular person? &gt;&gt; Nothing. No clue how to make that makes sense. &gt;&gt; And just to break it down for the average and M5 chip from Apple, it's
[02:30] just like a microchip that is super super powerful. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; It's the brains of the computer &gt;&gt; and it's made of a lot of transistors. What if you could actually appreciate just how densely packed everything has to be and how small it has to get to fit on a device that just goes in your pocket? Well, that would require changing the scale in the opposite direction. We would have to shrink way down. But with a little help, I'm up for
[03:00] that challenge. By the way, no generative AI is being used to create this video. Just a whole lot of Blender. &gt;&gt; Why? Why say that line like this is not AI like you know why does that matter? Yeah, I this is when we were making this this was around the time of a lot of AI generated videos and it's still happening but them being more and more prominent and more and more realistic looking and I thought when people watch this it's so different from a regular MKBHD video they might actually just think it's AI generated &gt;&gt; and I had to at least put the disclaimer
[03:30] in so that people could appreciate all of the work that went into actually bespoke making all of these creative and scientifically accurate decisions about scale and showing what we So that's that orbit you just saw us do of the room. We're in the room. You can see now that's the shades were halfway down. The red carpet is back here. Like all of that orbit that we just did is because we stood in the middle and did a 360 scan of the room to be able to get the reflections on my helmet. See how it's accurate to the the bar lights in the
[04:00] top? Everything reflective on my helmet is accurate to the actual room I'm in. So that I just felt like I had to point out so that people knew it wasn't AI. This is real. I'm going to shrink down by a hundred times which is a massive amount. Two orders of magnitude. So here I am you know the person you know I'm 6' three. Okay. Flex. Okay. Marquez like Okay. We got it. You're 6' three. I'm scale. I may be standing on an apple box right now. Scale. Somebody get the apple box. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. You know what, Marquez? We We get it. You're
[04:30] tall. We get it. &gt;&gt; We just needed people to know I'm 2 m tall, but a little more than 2 m tall. All right. Flex. &gt;&gt; All right. Here we are. Now I'm the size of a a single key on your keyboard. And of course, it wouldn't be a good scale video without a banana for scale. So, we got that, too. But, oh my god. Well, well, first of all, this is being done in collaboration with Epic Space Man. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amazing. &gt;&gt; Cannot shout out Toby enough. Super talented. He's the one with all the blender skill to make this come to life. If you go watch any of his videos,
[05:00] you've seen this style before. It's suit, the super crazy scale of the universe stuff. It's incredible. What what are you doing to deliver this performance? Are you still standing like here? Like we're in the same room you shot that video. Yes. Are you just speaking to camera and then Toby is like doing all the magic and putting you into space suit? Like how do you deliver this performance? It's a really good collaboration. So Tobyy's doing the blender work. What we've done to give me this full body accurate model is I'm standing roughly here. There's a camera at 45, camera at straight ahead, 45
[05:30] half, 45 back, completely surrounding me with cameras to record all of my movements in 3D space, like Matrix style essentially. And I'm wearing a bunch of different trackers to make sure that they can track through multiple cameras in 3D space. All of my gesturing is specifically in roughly this like two- foot box around my feet. So, I'm walking around in like a, you know, rough way where you can see I'm like pointing at the ground below me and all of this can translate through so that when this gets imported into Blender, doesn't take too
[06:00] much correction. All of this is now a virtual Marquez that is 100% accurate at this size. Okay, like I can walk around on the keyboard deck of this MacBook Pro, which is now the size of an apartment building, and I can already start to see and appreciate how complex all these components already are. And it's fun now that we have this model of me in 3D space. Like we can fully reconstruct me anywhere and virtually put the camera anywhere. So it can be gliding in from above me. It can be behind me. It can be orbit. It can do whatever we want.
[06:30] &gt;&gt; Oh, so this is you walking and these are your arms moving? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I was thinking watching it just as your face, but this is &gt;&gt; Yeah. The whole body. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So head to toe, I'm covered with all these angles. So I am doing all these gestures and I'm pointing at Okay. When I look at the RAM like down underneath me, that's me sort of acting and looking at where the RAM would be. &gt;&gt; That's so cool. Yeah. The M5 chip should be right over here powering the whole thing. Now, this is the size of a single transistor
[07:00] in 1948. This is pretty insane. Like, we've clearly made a lot of progress in the last 75 years. You don't need me to tell you that. But this already puts it into perspective like how far we've come since a computer was the size of a room. But because we do have all these brilliant minds focused on computers, we have things like Moore's law, which I'm sure you've heard of. It says that the number of transistors on a microchip roughly doubles every 2 years.
[07:30] Okay. Wow. Welcome to the scale of micrometers. I am now 200 micrometers tall, which makes me about twice as tall as this human hair. &gt;&gt; Isn't it amazing how those numbers don't mean much to me, but seeing you at this scale, I'm starting to understand and appreciate it. &gt;&gt; People talk a lot about how thick a hair is, but seeing all of it at once. This is why I love scale the universe videos, like maintaining the context of the previous scale. &gt;&gt; I love it.
[08:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. And this like texture, I mean, it's just incredible. This is already the size of some of the tiniest stuff we're able to see using our own eyes. But yeah, a typical sheet of paper is about 100 micrometers thick. Looks pretty tall to me. A glass screen protector, too. Thicker than a lot of people realize. &gt;&gt; Now, see this? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I have a glass D brand screen protector on my phone. You see how thin that looks? &gt;&gt; Just sitting on top of the glass. &gt;&gt; So now, can you picture a person down there who's the same height as the glass screen protector? That's where we're at.
[08:30] and we're just getting started. It's crazy. We'll get right back to it. But first, I want to thank Feastables for sponsoring this video and sending me a bunch of their peanut butter cups, which have gotten me through many late nights of editing, including this video and many of the others that we've been posting on this channel. It's become one of my favorite snacks because each cup is filled with the creamiest peanut butter like you'd find in a jar. And they wrap it in this milk chocolate shell, which is always made with real chocolate. And in spending a lot of time with Jimmy and the Feastables team, I know they also prioritize simple, high quality ingredients, and their cocoa is ethically sourced, which supports their
[09:00] mission to end child labor in the cocoa industry. So, go check out and support Feastables Peanut Butter Cups at your local Walmart, Target, and 7-Eleven. And now back to the video. It's crazy. &gt;&gt; But what's crazy is that first transistor I told you about is now the height of the tallest building in the world compared to me. It's wild. All right, another 100x shrink. So now it's getting ridiculous. I am now two
[09:30] micrometers tall. At this point, I'm actually literally invisible to the human eye, which kind of feels like a superpower. But I'll also need to be very careful because a human hair is like a cliff the size of a 25story building. Somehow by the 1980s, humans have found a way to consistently manufacture functional electronics at this size. &gt;&gt; You're delivering this so naturally to camera. What take is this?
[10:00] &gt;&gt; Okay, so this whole thing I have like an hour of footage of me trying to deliver this really. There is a lot of me trying to memorize the line, handing the phone back to Andrew, delivering it, getting 95% of the way there, messing up one word, and being like, I got to I got to read that again. I got to get this exactly right, cuz there's so many facts and things. We even did a little bit of ADR after because I didn't get it exactly perfect. But yes, this is uh a memorization exercise, I would say. &gt;&gt; But that's encouraging to know that somebody as smooth as you is not getting
[10:30] on his first take. &gt;&gt; It is a learned skill. I feel like there's other YouTubers who are I watch their videos too and I think about that. Tom Scott is one. Vsauce videos from back in the day. Cleo Abrams really good at this. They're like factdense videos that they just deliver and that that is a really tough skill to learn. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we have to shrink down 100x yet again. Damn. Okay. 20 nanm.
[11:00] I am now 20 nanmters tall. So, an individual transistor from a brand new 2026 M5 MacBook Pro is about the size of a garage for me. Did Apple reach out at all about this? Like you like showing their chip and like how powerful it is compared to like the past like I mean not to call this like a promot but it it is promoting like the technology in such a good way. Was Apple involved at all in this video? &gt;&gt; Apple was not involved at all. I think I got one email from someone at Apple
[11:30] being like, "Nice job." But not confirming, you know, any of the the the schematics or anything like that. But theoretically, this could be an Intel chip. This could be a GPU, this could be anything else with a 3 nmter node, this could be a phone. But we I cho I chose to center it around the M5 chip because that was my goal of of anchoring this video around a current event in tech. &gt;&gt; Oh, I see. So, I'd be making my normal current events tech videos and then this would drop and it would be like, "How did you make this video in time for this?" &gt;&gt; But you were preempting it. &gt;&gt; Months.
[12:00] &gt;&gt; Months knowing that at some point they're going to come with a new updated chip &gt;&gt; with the M5. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Smart. &gt;&gt; Hey, this is Epic Spaceman. &gt;&gt; One of my favorite creators and of course a massive help with this video. By the way, how cool is it that you guys are nowhere near each other? Like he's in a totally different continent. Like where where's Epic Space Man? Where's Toby? UK based. Yeah. We've never been in the same room. Only on on Zoom calls. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And to make this epic of a collab, like that is fascinating. &gt;&gt; It is fun. Again, through the power of
[12:30] actual like Blender and talent versus just AI generating something to hopefully get it close to right. This is scientifically accurate. &gt;&gt; That's amazing. So yeah, the best way for my brain to really appreciate all of this has been to visualize this scale from the tiniest 3 nanometer transistors we have in computers today at the scale of DNA and individual atoms &gt;&gt; all the way to the micrometer scale with the computers of the 2000s and '9s and
[13:00] 80s. &gt;&gt; So this is the hero shot I think of the whole video. We've been cutting in and out, obviously showing the scale this whole time, but having a single shot that zooms. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh over and over and over at all these layers so you can appreciate how far we've gone is why I love scale of the universe videos. And I was so excited for this shot of this video. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it keeps getting better and better here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. When you're doing the slow zoom out from the tiny level and then you want to show the large level, you have to speed up your zoom and then speed up your zoom again in physical space. So,
[13:30] his virtual camera is doing one of these and then going really fast. It's a lot of work. It's amazing. &gt;&gt; Humanity has been so motivated for so many years to get this stuff down to such a ridiculously small scale that it makes a grain of rice look like a massive object. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; And yet, it keeps going and going all the way back to the earliest transistors the size of a deck of cards. You know something else I've realized though? Even though we've seen now all
[14:00] of the scale and how tiny things can get, &gt;&gt; that sound design, I feel like I can feel you need a slow riser for the hero shot. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, let's crush that. &gt;&gt; Sometimes it can still be hard to keep all the nanometers and pometers sorted and and really comprehend it all. And sometimes it's actually easier to make things bigger rather than smaller. So let's try this. The world's first electronic computer is often credited as
[14:30] the ENIAC. They finished it in 1946 and they had light bulbsized vacuum tubes called triodes. And of course, that computer was the size of a whole room. But if we still made computers like this with transistors that big, how big do you think the iPhone would need to be to fit the 19 billion transistors that it has today? Think about it. Maybe the size of a city
[15:00] block or what about the size of the entirety of Central Park? &gt;&gt; Keep in mind, you need to fit all billions of transistors. Wouldn't it be crazy if we carry around the equivalent technology of a phone the size of the city of Manhattan? So, yeah, this was if if you took all of the 19 billion transistors in the iPhone and made them all the same size as the light bulb vacuum tubes from the Eniac, how big would the iPhone have to be? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's how far we've come. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I love how you go in, then you
[15:30] we're going out. Just showing &gt;&gt; way the slow zoom is so good. So good. &gt;&gt; Well, the reality is these are all still too small. Your phone with the technology from 80 years ago would need to be the size of the state of New Jersey to fit them all. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; This progression of technology has given us a computer the size of a US state 270 mi long and shrunk it down to fit in our pockets. It's a bar. &gt;&gt; I'll even do you one better. Okay. If a
[16:00] modern transistor was roughly the size of a Toyota Prius, then that iPhone that fits them all would be about the size of planet Earth. So hopefully that gives you an idea of just how ridiculously small individual transistors have gotten. It's a funual beginning of computers. &gt;&gt; Really fun visual. These numbers are crazy and sometimes hard to appreciate when you just see them flashed for 2 seconds on a keynote slide. So hopefully
[16:30] this gives you a better idea. The crazy part is that in the scale of the cosmos, it's still almost nothing. Like our Milky Way alone, you might know, has over &gt;&gt; 100 billion stars with 100 billion &gt;&gt; and there's hundreds of billions of galaxies &gt;&gt; in our observable universe. &gt;&gt; So it's all pretty crazy. Well, dude, it's cool to see you like just adapting and and and pushing the boundaries in these different styles of videos over the years. I appreciate you breaking it down. &gt;&gt; It's fun. No problem. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you, Marcus. Yeah.