# Inside MrBeast's YouTube Machine
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdjcGrpNSF4
Date: 2026-04-26

[00:00] This is my how to succeed in Mr. Beast productions. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember when this leaked. I've met so [music] many people who said their boss made them read this. I'm just going to read from it. There's only room in this company for A players. They're just people who really love problem solving cuz [music] that's what we do here. We pull off the impossible. &gt;&gt; Somebody that dedicates their whole life to this. Thinks nothing of this is it. I've missed Christmases in a row. I've missed every part of a typical [music] 20-year-old's 20s. &gt;&gt; It's important you video everything critical. That's why you see a lot of people on the Beast Games crew
[00:30] constantly filming everything. &gt;&gt; You got to be able to work on multiple projects at the same time. It is 11:35 at night and after a full day filming two YouTube videos, a rehearsal for Beast Games, Jimmy is filming a Lunchables commercial. &gt;&gt; Lunchables now available AT EVERY SINGLE WALMART NATIONWIDE. &gt;&gt; LET'S DO one more. &gt;&gt; Tastes cheap. I would never eat that again. &gt;&gt; Oh, well. &gt;&gt; We have a phone that says, "Ask for anything." How do you produce something like that? &gt;&gt; are coming in one by one by one. &gt;&gt; Send him the Cirque du Soleil. &gt;&gt; I had two artists. &gt;&gt; Psychic. &gt;&gt; Drivers all over the city. [music] &gt;&gt; Private jets waiting on standby.
[01:00] &gt;&gt; I am getting slammed. &gt;&gt; Four years ago, we were filming out of an old church. &gt;&gt; This is where the expansion's being done. &gt;&gt; I think this is the biggest sound stage in North America. &gt;&gt; This entire area is becoming a filming campus. It's wild [music] to think about what one YouTuber could do. &gt;&gt; You end your guidebook by saying, "I see a world where this company is worth billions." &gt;&gt; Mr. Beast has a valuation [music] of $5.2 billion. &gt;&gt; to have an IPO at some point? &gt;&gt; this when I was like 22 years old. We're closing in on 500 [music] employees. &gt;&gt; Entire livelihoods, thousands of people that depend on their paycheck. &gt;&gt; Did you ever doubt, "Is this worth it?"
[01:30] &gt;&gt; This is my how to succeed in Mr. Beast productions. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember when this leaked. Good times. &gt;&gt; I was actually just talking to a founder who uh his company just got valued at $2 billion and he [music] told me he saw this online and then made all 100 of his employees read it. And I've I've met so many people who had said their boss made them read this manual and it's crazy cuz I wrote this when I was like 22 years
[02:00] old, but people really love it. This section is about videoing everything and so I'm just going to read from it. I really want us to see producing as a team job, not a solo thing, which is why it's important you video everything critical. &gt;&gt; We are less than 3 weeks away. &gt;&gt; A 14 days prior to us filming here. &gt;&gt; This is a problem we used to run into a lot with my YouTube videos. We would send people to scout sets and they take a couple photos, but then other people would feel the need to drive out there and then more people would drive out there and it just wastes a lot of time.
[02:30] I'm like, just send one person out there to get really good videos of every square inch and we don't need to send people out there 30 times. And so yeah, this was very big [music] thing for us back in the day and that's why you see a lot of people on the Beast Games crew constantly filming everything. &gt;&gt; So this city's [music] got to be ready in 2 weeks. 2 weeks. Not quite there yet, but the bones are together. &gt;&gt; The environment they're in is like a live and breathing. It's powered on. &gt;&gt; Taking [music] up the lighting rig. &gt;&gt; Wow. Look at that. &gt;&gt; We have folders full of set [music]
[03:00] visits and progress as things are going and what the locations look like. So Tyler's and [music] the creatives and the thousand people working on the show can all stay on the same page. &gt;&gt; 9-ft diameter like circle thing right here. And then it goes &gt;&gt; We even have footage of us testing the games so we can reference how people played the games in the test. &gt;&gt; You go hard. &gt;&gt; Don't hit me in the head. &gt;&gt; We do testing to break the games to literally say we didn't come up with a good enough
[03:30] game, it broke. Here's why, let's fix it. [music] &gt;&gt; This is episode 6 and they're measuring out visibility for these LED flooring. &gt;&gt; And how high am I here? 6? &gt;&gt; While we're doing this, we're creating a vision of what could potentially [music] happen. We're like literally pretending every scenario that could actually [music] happen. &gt;&gt; He's counting going he's like, "3, two, one." One person just going ah. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; We are testing a game for episode three. It is 4:46 in the morning. [music] Bunch of
[04:00] people holding markers behind their head to signify a game where you don't know what your color is. &gt;&gt; What am I? &gt;&gt; You're blue. Yeah, you're blue. Okay. &gt;&gt; You have to trust the people around you. &gt;&gt; He's lying to you. He's lying to you. Switch. Switch. Go. &gt;&gt; Jesse, hey. Jesse, what am I? Hey, what am I? What am I? Tyler. Tyler. Tyler. &gt;&gt; I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE BROCK WAS. &gt;&gt; Turn around, blue team. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; You and I are out. &gt;&gt; We're out. &gt;&gt; And look at [music] those pictures or video.
[04:30] We take that data. We go, "How do we make this game better now?" 5:25 a.m. Game didn't [music] work. You know, and Tyler goes, "Ooh." And then he'll elevate it. He's like, "Yeah, I mean, basically we have this. And what if we added another element now?" &gt;&gt; Oh, you do it on the outside and the game plays on the inside. &gt;&gt; And so that idea was one of the first ideas we had. &gt;&gt; all because &gt;&gt; we just filmed some dumb video. &gt;&gt; Can you read the passage about A players? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; All right. I only want A players. You're either an A player, B player, C
[05:00] player. There's only room in this company for A players. A players are obsessive, learn from mistakes, coachable, intelligent, don't make [music] excuses, believe in YouTube, see the value of this company, and are the best in the god damn world at their job. I agree. B players are new people that need to be trained into A players, and C players are just average employees. &gt;&gt; A lot of our A &gt;&gt; players I would say are people who fit the a lot of the A player criteria. They were very obsessive, very coachable, very intelligent, don't make excuses. And the big thing is like, they're just people [music] who really love problem
[05:30] solving. Cuz that's what we do here. We solve crazy problems. That's how you pull off the impossible. &gt;&gt; Things are getting prepared for the next episode, cubes, where the Beast team is going to try to pull off the impossible. &gt;&gt; Can we walk into one of the cubes? &gt;&gt; All right. So, here's one of the cubes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Got our phone here that they're going to be able to pick up. People can ask for anything to help decide who's going to get eliminated. But what happens behind the scenes like when I pick up and ask for like a pony? [music] &gt;&gt; So immediately that's going and it's probably ringing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's ringing right now. &gt;&gt; We have operators standing by.
[06:00] &gt;&gt; Oh my god. Hello, welcome to Beast Hotline. We're just testing it out right now. Can I please have a pony to our cube? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay. They're like, we can work on that. We're going to get back to you ASAP. &gt;&gt; There you go. See? &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; You hang it up. That request is logged in. We will do our best to fulfill every request. &gt;&gt; The concept is is that you can get into this cube and the only rule is don't handcuff yourself or you're out. And to help you, we have a phone that says ask for anything, right? How do you produce something like that? We're talking about a magic lamp here.
[06:30] &gt;&gt; I say we just jump right into the next game. &gt;&gt; Want to do it? &gt;&gt; Yes. Oh, it is. I KNEW IT. &gt;&gt; THIS YOUR TEAM? &gt;&gt; YEAH. &gt;&gt; I THINK SO. YEAH. &gt;&gt; ONCE YOUR hand cuff is locked in. &gt;&gt; So you think if she lost the game, she would honor it? &gt;&gt; You know, like I think everyone here will be honest in the way they play. &gt;&gt; Let's stop putting them into the cubes. &gt;&gt; Send [music] it. &gt;&gt; 20 contestants have entered their cubes. 13 will come out. &gt;&gt; They're just about to start [music] ordering items. &gt;&gt; Remember, they can have anything they
[07:00] want. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hello. &gt;&gt; Tonight's episode is not only going to be one of the most brutal on camera, it's going to be one of the most complicated to pull off off camera. &gt;&gt; We dispatch about 50 production assistants all over the city and we'll put people at a hamburger place, at a pizza place, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; at a big store, at an electronic store and try to guess like what somebody may want. &gt;&gt; When Tyler first came up with this idea and he's like, I want them to ask for anything. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Instantly people's brains go into let's do limitations. Like they can have one
[07:30] item every, you know, 5 hours. And then I was like, no. Let's talk about what the brand is. What Jimmy has created as good content. You take it to a 10. Their brains go and they're like, "Ooh, ooh, I'm a kid. I want to do blank." Nobody will take it to the level we take it to. We want them to feel like this is a magic phone. &gt;&gt; So, some of the things that are being asked for, are people are like, "We ordered lobster, and we ordered salmon, grilled." &gt;&gt; of it is snacks, food, games. &gt;&gt; Six Sonic blasts. &gt;&gt; One Oreo peanut butter milkshake.
[08:00] &gt;&gt; Three diet sodas and three Fantas, please. &gt;&gt; I am getting slammed. &gt;&gt; Okay, they are sprinting. Like, the requests are coming in one by one by one by one. &gt;&gt; Because we don't just think like this is good creative. We think somebody at home, how are they going to respond to watching this? They're going to go, "Man, you know what I would ask for? I'd ask for a million bucks." &gt;&gt; What would you like? &gt;&gt; As much money as you can give us. &gt;&gt; They're wheeling one million dollars to one of the cubes. &gt;&gt; Ooh, look at that. &gt;&gt; We sort of try to guesstimate what people will want. &gt;&gt; They prepped a lot of things in advance.
[08:30] Like, you can see arcade games, you can see sumo suits, a basketball hoop that they brought out, slushy machines, like Kool-Aid snow cone machine, like just so many random things. &gt;&gt; So, what request just came in? &gt;&gt; Uh, putting green. &gt;&gt; A putting green? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So, when they get a call from the cube, they enter it onto this sheet. So, like this putting green, we knew it was in stock room. &gt;&gt; Stock room means you have it, you prepped it in advance. It's in one of these containers. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; It's tricky. We've had animals, tattoo artists, nail techs, massage therapists.
[09:00] [music] We have, you know, a lawyer on standby. We have a psychic, psychologist. &gt;&gt; Is the barber still back out here? &gt;&gt; I mean, we really do reach out to almost everybody. Just people on the one yard line where we can call them for the next 12 hours, and they come in. &gt;&gt; All right, send in the serpent turd, cube [music] three. &gt;&gt; And which cube was the Tylenol for? &gt;&gt; Oh, they finally got their pizza. &gt;&gt; So, you're currently at about like 350 requests. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like 320 right now. &gt;&gt; 320? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; From 20 contestants. &gt;&gt; It created conversation. [music] It has people on social media going, "Why didn't they do this? I would have done this." &gt;&gt; We have private jets waiting on standby
[09:30] in other states. &gt;&gt; Really? And do you have celebrities on standby, too? &gt;&gt; A few here and there. &gt;&gt; Can we get over shoulder of Jimmy's phone? He's trying to call Gary Vaynerchuk. &gt;&gt; Some Gary V stuff, Post Malone. &gt;&gt; Could you connect me on a phone call with Elon Musk? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I tried again for a call with Elon Musk. &gt;&gt; You're getting emotional saying that. Why? &gt;&gt; The The ultimate aim is I want to try to find someone who can help find a cure for my son. I just feel like with him, Tesla energy, Neuralink brain, we're trying to get creatine to the
[10:00] brain. I was hoping. &gt;&gt; I DM'd Elon. He didn't respond soon enough. So, I I was going to try to make it happen. &gt;&gt; the next day Elon just replied with like a question mark, like, "What?" &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; But, yeah, I couldn't get Elon on the phone not that late at night. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think somebody asked, "Can you fly in my mom 6 hours away?" And I always told all of the producers who were looking at this, always say, "Yes, we're going to work on it." No matter what the item was, "Yes, we're going to work on it." &gt;&gt; You just tell them that you will get back to them in a few moments. &gt;&gt; You know, that's what I classify as an A-player. Those are people who just naturally will do well here and love the
[10:30] job. I want people like that. I want people who are obsessed and excited to solve hard problems. How do you find A-players? How do you find A-players? Well, John, that is the question every business owner on the planet wants to know. You I have quite a few A-players, but they're just I mean, there's a reason they're A-players. They're they're really, really hard to find. &gt;&gt; I ended up seeing [music] a tweet from Jimmy, and he just said, "Hey, I'm looking for looking for creatives. I'm looking for good people." And then [music] I get this interview, and I go
[11:00] and meet these people. I remember thinking, [music] "If this company is going to be really successful, they're going to need somebody like that just dedicates their whole life to this. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; There's nothing out This is it." My wife and I told her, I said, "Hey, I'm going to take a [music] chance on this. I really, really think that this is going to be something special." I'll tell you when when we did the surprise on the contestants, &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; So, the contestants have no clue, but their families are here to surprise them. The parents, the siblings,
[11:30] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; the wives, the husbands, the partners, like they are outside. They're about to come in. Ah! &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; I'm so proud of you. You're doing a great job. You did it. &gt;&gt; I mean, specifically Tyler and Corey with their families. I mean, cuz I related to them the most. And just watching [music] them have that moment. I mean, that's where I obviously teared up when I saw that cuz I just envisioned my wife and kids running through right after. &gt;&gt; And wait, did you tell him that you're &gt;&gt; Oh, we're married. Yeah.
[12:00] &gt;&gt; Married? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're married. &gt;&gt; For real? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we did a little we did a marriage thing. &gt;&gt; I wanted to ask you something really special today, okay? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Monica. &gt;&gt; You're lying. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Will you marry me? &gt;&gt; I would love [music] to marry you, Jim. &gt;&gt; You may kiss the bride. Big round of applause. &gt;&gt; If she loves James, I love her. &gt;&gt; Wow. What's it like to meet each other's families? &gt;&gt; We get a son. You get a daughter. &gt;&gt; We have a freaking love connection.
[12:30] [music] We brought them together. They fell in love. They're living together. It's crazy. &gt;&gt; Wait, really? You want to call him now? &gt;&gt; Do you think they'll pick up? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; It is 4:00 in the morning. Come on, Jim. Check. &gt;&gt; Hey, Chris. What's going on? &gt;&gt; Jim. &gt;&gt; You call me at any time. I don't care. &gt;&gt; It's It's John. &gt;&gt; It's John. You shy. &gt;&gt; You shy. &gt;&gt; Are you still together with Monica? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm with her right now. &gt;&gt; Hey, John.
[13:00] &gt;&gt; Isn't this crazy? &gt;&gt; They live together. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; We came for money and left with love. &gt;&gt; I love it. And money, by the way. Both of you left with money. &gt;&gt; And and money, too. &gt;&gt; A lot of money. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; They were in love, man. We saw their love story play out. &gt;&gt; Anytime there's some form of heartwarming, wholesome moment, I I think of the people I love the most, for sure. &gt;&gt; How much of your life did you pour into these [music] games? &gt;&gt; Oh, so much. I've missed a lot of Christmases. I missed a lot of Thanksgivings. I think at one point I missed six Christmases in
[13:30] a row. I I've missed every part of a typical 20-year-old's 20s. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; My passion has been the only thing I've woken up and done for 8 years. That's it. Nothing else. Talk about obsessive. &gt;&gt; That's why a lot of the qualities I have written about me player or obsessive, learn from mistakes, coach well are things that ensure [music] almost nothing's impossible. We actually broke a Guinness World Record for the largest behind-the-scenes team [music] to work on a TV show as we
[14:00] made the video that you're watching right now. And if I'm being honest, we almost broke our bank account, too, as we filmed these 45 days in here. So, I definitely wasn't about to use copyrighted music and get demonetized, which is why I turned to today's sponsor Epidemic Sound and specifically the reference track search feature, which has been a game-changer. Basically, if you hear a song that you like on Spotify, you can then [music] paste the track name or artist into Epidemic Sound and it finds similar songs from its library of over 55,000 premium [music] tracks and 250,000 sound effects that are fully cleared for your videos, so
[14:30] [music] you don't have to worry about copyright claims at all, which is actually how we found the song that you're listening to in some of the previous scenes. There's a reason why Epidemic Sound is the best soundtracking [music] platform out there for creators. So, click the link in the description below to try Epidemic Sound [music] or go to this QR code to get a great deal. And for the first 100 people who create an account, I'll throw in our new YouTube Hack Pack Pro, which has additional [music] templates, graphics, LUTs, music, sound effects to help you grow on YouTube, which would otherwise be about 50 bucks. And basically, it's
[15:00] [music] everything that we've used to help grow our channel. Now, back to the video. &gt;&gt; Jimmy, you also have this section in your handbook where you said, "We don't fake things. Make sure to prep contestants and try to create an environment where they feel comfortable talking." [music] How do you do that? &gt;&gt; These contestants, they're not used to having a camera in front of them. So, for us, a big thing is that they are who they are, right? Once you say something in front of our thousand cameras, you can't take it back. We also try to give them some training just to help them like articulate what they're thinking.
[15:30] Right behind me, I see this one of the more important meetings. What they're doing is basically getting on camera coaching [music] cuz a lot of people have never been on camera before. &gt;&gt; So, what we're trying to do is get you used to this situation. There's going to be cameras and lights on you quite a bit. &gt;&gt; All right, what's going on? My name is Jim. &gt;&gt; I'm Tyler Lucas. &gt;&gt; My name is Monica Runk. &gt;&gt; Hi, my [music] name is Sue Smay. &gt;&gt; I'm Jack McKenna. &gt;&gt; Oh. I'm I practice. This is good. &gt;&gt; You might have to coach me through it, but all right. Let me just think of how I'm going to work.
[16:00] So, it'll be like I don't I got to loosen up. &gt;&gt; I'm a professional wrestler. Are we on or or is that exactly &gt;&gt; Keep going, dude. Just keep going. That was great. We're going to just roll into it. So, they're like, "What's your strategy in order to win these games?" &gt;&gt; Can we redo that? I don't know. That's stupid. &gt;&gt; What I don't want is someone thinking like, "Oh, am I being annoying if I talk too much or if I cut Jimmy off or whatever." But, I encourage it. Do whatever you want. &gt;&gt; Okay, okay. I &gt;&gt; Uh what am I willing to do in this competition that other people are not? &gt;&gt; Sabotage some of my closest [music] friends in here. Don't tell them that.
[16:30] &gt;&gt; I joined Mensa when I was 16 years old, and my strategy for winning is to come [music] in first place. My backup though is second place. After that, third place, fourth place. I won't go through the whole thing, but my goal is to win. I forgot the question. &gt;&gt; Uh what do you &gt;&gt; See, I'm on the dumb team. I'm on the dumb team. All right, I'm on the dumb team. &gt;&gt; We really try to train and encourage the contestants to be who they want to be and not [music] be someone that they'll regret when they're watching the show. &gt;&gt; I hope no one's listening, but my goal is I got to be cutthroat. As much as I love being a people person, there is only one winner in this game.
[17:00] &gt;&gt; I'm all for the underdogs. I don't like people bullying people. All right, done? Sweet. I'm sweating. That was scary. &gt;&gt; There's this moment with Jack. Did you guys see what happened? &gt;&gt; Yeah. The story team caught it. &gt;&gt; Low card goes home. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. 1 [music] 2 3 go. Oh, it's me. &gt;&gt; So, he technically cheated, right? &gt;&gt; Anything can happen in the cubes. It's their cube, it's their game, it's their rules. &gt;&gt; I'll go put the handcuffs on.
[17:30] &gt;&gt; You don't have to. It's obviously up to you. &gt;&gt; Well, they're great guys. &gt;&gt; When you're ready. It's official. Sue is eliminated. &gt;&gt; Do you feel you rushed through those moments in earlier videos or even last season? &gt;&gt; Oh, last season no, but earlier videos on YouTube of course. I had no storytelling in my, you know, early Mr. Beast videos. I don't think anyone's surprised to hear me say that. Um, and a big part of it is, yeah, I would have just walked in there and be like, "Okay, handcuff." But now we take the time. You don't put words in
[18:00] people's mouths. You just like give them a chance to express what they're feeling and a lot of people just need to be probed to do that. How'd you outwit her? &gt;&gt; I had an idea to front load the deck and once she was looking at the money, I swapped it. &gt;&gt; Woah. &gt;&gt; He's on the smart team for a reason. &gt;&gt; Do you worry about being perceived as a villain for the rest of your life? &gt;&gt; Uh, it hasn't, you know, I haven't thought about it too much cuz the name of the game is just to get someone to handcuff themselves. Like, that's the only rule. Uh, that's the way the game was set
[18:30] people can be mad at me, but that's that's the way I played it. &gt;&gt; Sue, do you think [music] any differently of the people you were in the cube with? &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Yeah, I actually think differently of them. They're the nicest guys in the world and this is a game and we played a fair game and I'm going home with no money. I mean, it so really sucks. I was hoping at least something to help me in my retirement. [music] You know, I'm 60, so I was really hoping to have something. &gt;&gt; How do you think about your retirement now? &gt;&gt; It's scary. You know, like I've always worked two
[19:00] jobs. You know, I work hard. I'm a hard worker. But I've never had the money to really, like, be financially &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; secure. So, I'm going to just keep working, I guess. This sort of sucks. I want to be able to help my daughter and my mom. &gt;&gt; I wish [music] nothing ill will towards Sue, like with what Jack and I did, but at the end of the day, uh you know, I'm here fighting for time for my family. &gt;&gt; Tyler's authentic. He's not loud, he's not a spectacle television superstar.
[19:30] Then if I wanted him to be loud, and if I thought that was the right play, don't you think we would have trained these people to be loud? There's a reason. I We don't want that. We want you to be yourself. &gt;&gt; Hopefully at this point we've done a good enough job where everyone kind of understands who's playing in these games. &gt;&gt; And so now it's time for people to love and hate them. You know, if a couple people do [music] what Jack did, we got a show, you know. &gt;&gt; I was doing some research, and you also wrote, "On top of learning from watching YouTube, I'd love for you to read The Goal." [music] So, found this book that you said is one of your favorite books. &gt;&gt; It is, The Goal. I love this book.
[20:00] &gt;&gt; Did you have everyone [music] in your company read that book at one point? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so this book is The Goal. I think I made my first 250 employees read it. It helps get everyone on the same page of when I say bottleneck. I use the word bottleneck quite a bit, especially when filming it. I want people, when I use that term, to understand what it means and the [music] magnitude and weight. &gt;&gt; You also wrote, "Do not go to your co-workers and say, 'I need a thumbnail. Let me know when it's done.' [music] I want you to look them in the eye and tell them they are the bottleneck. Just walking away until it's done is [music] lazy, and it gives room for error. Check in daily. Leave no room for error." &gt;&gt; tell you you're the bottleneck to the
[20:30] production, to me, that's a very, very serious sentence. So, to people who might not have read The Goal, they'd be like, "Okay." If you picture like a hose, the different sections of the hose are different part of the workflow of producing a video. And it's like the equivalent of the creative part of the hose, you just squeeze it. And so, the water just essentially stops. We're not really making meaningful progress. &gt;&gt; And then you also have this section in your handbook where you said, "Work on multiple videos every day. Do not come in and work on only one video during a work day. [music] That's how you fall behind on future videos and create a nasty cycle that I'm trying to stop."
[21:00] &gt;&gt; Because how grand and big these projects are, you got to be able to work on multiple ones at the same time. These are just big projects that take many months. &gt;&gt; If you haven't tried Lunchables now, go to your local Walmart. It's the perfect time. &gt;&gt; It is 11:35 at night, and after a full [music] day of filming two YouTube videos, a rehearsal for Beast Gang, Jimmy is here at their local Walmart filming a Lunchables commercial. &gt;&gt; Can we get one? Uh Lunchables? No, but sure. We can have some Lunchables. &gt;&gt; It's this entire bit where they make fun of Lunchables. You could guess what
[21:30] brand they're really making fun of. &gt;&gt; Bro, DON'T EAT THAT GARBAGE. LUNCHABLES IS NOW AVAILABLE IN EVERY SINGLE WALMART. GUESS WHAT? GO TRY IT. STOP EATING LUNCHABLES. &gt;&gt; HE has like 50% more energy than any human I've ever met, and 110% more curiosity. And I guarantee you he's not even done. He's going to run this back like three or four more times till he gets it perfect. &gt;&gt; Let's do one more. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And then he's going to go the candy aisle, or the chocolate aisle, wherever that is, and [music] he's going to taste test the competition, and figure out how Feastables can do something different. &gt;&gt; About what you'd expect. Tastes cheap. I
[22:00] would never eat that. Ew. I have zero desire to consume any more of this. Yeah. If I try something, and I don't instantly have to like restrain, it's not good enough. Good science test. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Take care everybody. &gt;&gt; All right, Jimmy's out. It's crazy. He's headed back to set. &gt;&gt; Just another day in life. &gt;&gt; You end your guidebook by saying, "If you're ambitious, and you want to dedicate [music] your life to work, you picked the best company in America. This isn't a stepping stone. This is your final destination." I see a world where this company is worth billions, and one day tens of billions. How did you have
[22:30] that kind of clarity? [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah, I have over 400 employees. I think we're closing in on 500 employees. You know, entire livelihoods, [music] their families, all 1,000 people that depend on their paycheck. You know, if you include their kids and partners and stuff. You know, that's what I'm very grateful with my team. We just like come together and make this a bigger company. What I like to do is like you can see that sort of you go out to the road. We have like all this sand. So, there it is. Damn. Oh my god. Here where can actually see the entirety
[23:00] of the set. &gt;&gt; I JUST STARTED THIS 10-MINUTE TIMER AND WHEN it hits zero, that room all the way over there full of money will explode. &gt;&gt; the cage down to blue room down to the Indiana Jones jungle type room. &gt;&gt; When did you and Jimmy meet? &gt;&gt; Like 2018. I was helping him with his thumbnails and that was kind of just like I was still doing my own channels, but I was like, "You suck at Photoshop. Like let me help out." &gt;&gt; So you made a lot of Jimmy's initial thumbnails. &gt;&gt; Yeah, me and him would hop into call.
[23:30] He'd like I'd screen share and he'd be like, "Do this. Change that. I want this." And so I would just help out and make his creative vision come to life. Then it kind of all umbrellaed into here and it's been a crazy ride. &gt;&gt; Woah. From what I understand, he rallied a ton of employees and said, "This is going to be [music] a multi-billion dollar company." &gt;&gt; Yeah, the first thing I ever said here is like I mean this company's awesome. You guys have no idea what you're standing in. Like this is going to be a billion-dollar company. I still remember that because I like truly believed it at the time. &gt;&gt; All right. So now this is where the expansion's being done. We'll We'll have you come back when it's all done and
[24:00] it's going to be a totally different place. &gt;&gt; So behind me is a sound [music] stage. Last time we were here, it was non-existent. It was a bunch of construction and now fast forward, it's built, it's functional. They're [music] going to be playing in there. It's a memory challenge game. The set is really well lit, looks beautiful. And it's one of many. Like this is one studio. There's another [music] one here. There's a bunch of sets for his other YouTube videos that we've been filming on with Jimmy over there. This entire area is becoming a filming
[24:30] campus. [music] It's wild to think about what one YouTuber could do. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the smart game. &gt;&gt; And is this one of the biggest sound stages now in North America? &gt;&gt; Jimmy would have killed you right there. It is the biggest in North America. &gt;&gt; This is the biggest sound stage in North A &gt;&gt; I think this is the biggest sound stage [music] in North America. Free standing. Yeah, cuz there's no columns in the middle. &gt;&gt; Usually a structure this big needs columns to support it. &gt;&gt; If you told me last season that we were going to be filming next season in the backyard of our studio. You know what I mean? Four years ago we were filming out of an
[25:00] old church. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's crazy. &gt;&gt; It's insane. This is the most futuristic thing we've ever done. &gt;&gt; But it happened, man. They're they're doing it. &gt;&gt; I will do that. &gt;&gt; Um they're also &gt;&gt; I chase the best product possible. That's all I want. I don't need notoriety. I don't need any anything else. You know, I could be down about all the stuff I've missed, but I mean, look at the opportunity. I've been to 40 countries. I I've met some of the most incredible people. [music] I've filmed the craziest things. We climbed
[25:30] the inside of the pyramids. I find it very very challenging to be negative about the things I've missed because of the amount of um opportunity and positivity I've gotten out of this job. &gt;&gt; It's the hundreds of people that sacrificed everything on this shoot. These people who have given up everything to make this show, it's what makes this show so special. It really is. &gt;&gt; I mean, bro, it's funny. I can't even get like my newer employees to read this, but it's like there's so many businesses that my friends run or just people I've seen on
[26:00] Twitter where they make their employees read it. And sometimes I joke with my my people. I'm like, "When we hire someone new and I ask if they've read it." They're like, "No." And it's funny cuz I know my friends' employees read the handbook, but my own employees sometimes don't even read it now. And it's just so funny how big this got. &gt;&gt; Right Jimmy's office is right now in Greenville. It's a Sunday right now and the offices are still [music] packed. I couldn't believe it, but I came across his YouTube play button when he hit 100,000 subscribers. Like like that's
[26:30] crazy. And I'm blown away by all the [music] fan mail, all the artwork. Looking at all the letters from all corners of the world, from Japan, from Ireland, from Canada, [music] from the United States. I think this is why they do what they do and they work so hard. &gt;&gt; As I'm starting to get a little bit older, I'm trying my best to have a little bit more of a personal life and kind of figure out myself more than [music] just this job. However, I would never change a single thing. Never. Ever, ever, ever.
[27:00] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; This is This is what I was supposed to do. &gt;&gt; I filmed in a lot of studios. This is amazing. &gt;&gt; Jimmy, now the floor is moving. &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; It's the first time I'm going to see people watch the show. &gt;&gt; Some of the most influential critics and press are sitting in a theater right now. &gt;&gt; How's it going, everybody? &gt;&gt; Reviews for the first season of Beast Games were pretty harsh. &gt;&gt; Imagine 15 [music] very high-end Lamborghinis roaring
[27:30] through the city. &gt;&gt; Listen to that bad boy. &gt;&gt; It was insane. I've never [music] seen studio space that big. &gt;&gt; You could fit the pyramids in this building. &gt;&gt; my dream, seeing this much studio space. You know, I want to build one of the largest companies on Earth. The bar for normal [music] shows here, our bar is in the cloud. &gt;&gt; We want to build more content across the internet and traditional TV, even theatrical release. &gt;&gt; They call this place the edge of the world. &gt;&gt; My heartbeat is abnormally high. &gt;&gt; I don't know if Jimmy is nervous, but I definitely am. &gt;&gt; I've read every single [music] review. &gt;&gt; I'm down to middle of the road. Do you
[28:00] think this will perform better or worse in season 1? &gt;&gt; I have never talked about this before. Not on a podcast, not on my channel, not anywhere [music] besides this series right here. You guys ready to watch season 2?