# How MrBeast Made 50 Streamers Fight for $1,000,000
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sd2t6eUkqdg
Date: 2026-04-22

[00:00] We got 50 of the biggest streamers ever. Some of them have followings that rival Michael Jackson. &gt;&gt; BRING OUT THE LAMBORGHINI! &gt;&gt; Things are going to get crazy. We're not in Speed's room. &gt;&gt; This is a replica of my room. &gt;&gt; Never been a prank with this many creators before. &gt;&gt; We recreated a bunch of the rooms. &gt;&gt; All the millions of viewers that are watching [music] these live streams are going to be wondering, "How is Mr. Beast going from this location to that location?" &gt;&gt; Is this Speed's room? &gt;&gt; NO, MY DLP. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; I'M NOT GREEN SCREEN. &gt;&gt; Ludwig is live streaming right now. &gt;&gt; Bonjour. &gt;&gt; But this is not his bedroom.
[00:30] &gt;&gt; I'm not AI. &gt;&gt; Did they fall for it at the start? &gt;&gt; This is all a set, and they're going to [music] find out they're here in Greenville, and they're about to shoot one of the biggest videos of the year. &gt;&gt; But wait, once you get out &gt;&gt; Secret door. &gt;&gt; Ooh. &gt;&gt; I'm kidnapping all your favorite streamers. &gt;&gt; STREAMERS, COME THIS WAY. &gt;&gt; I'm about to trap your favorite streamer inside of this cube. &gt;&gt; Whichever one leaves LAST WINS A MILLION DOLLARS. &gt;&gt; I JUST LIKE everything [music] live, raw. &gt;&gt; There's like over 200 cameras on set. &gt;&gt; 16 static cameras, [music] robo cameras, big
[01:00] &gt;&gt; long lenses &gt;&gt; these vlog cameras &gt;&gt; This is micro FPV setup. &gt;&gt; controlled with your head. That's so cool. &gt;&gt; One of you is about to win this Lamborghini. &gt;&gt; That was a photo finish. &gt;&gt; They don't know who won. &gt;&gt; We have the playback. &gt;&gt; It's at five frames. It came down to less [music] than a second. &gt;&gt; You guys think it's trash? &gt;&gt; You're going home. &gt;&gt; Straight knockout. Right into the chin. &gt;&gt; What if Jimmy gets knocked [music] out before he has to shoot this big video? &gt;&gt; Oh gosh. &gt;&gt; I think they need one more. &gt;&gt; JIMMY, DON'T MOVE. CAN'T MOVE, JIMMY.
[01:30] &gt;&gt; JIMMY, so you've done 50 YouTubers in a cube. You've done 30 celebrities in a cube. &gt;&gt; Now we're doing 50 streamers, and I think this could be the biggest of them all. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; Well, they all have very strong personalities, and some of them have followings that rival like Michael Jackson. We're going to put them all in a cube. Can't say anything cuz they're out, but things are going to be fun. &gt;&gt; Good to see you here, man. &gt;&gt; It's a big day. &gt;&gt; Big day. &gt;&gt; And what's crazy about this is they
[02:00] recreated a lot [music] of these live streamers' bedrooms. &gt;&gt; We're going to make this room look so realistic to Speed's original room. [music] &gt;&gt; But you guys designed a lot of the sets. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so a few years ago, I built Speed's original room. So, a few weeks ago, Jimmy called me [music] and wanted to see if I could recreate Speed's room exactly. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; Dude, I think you freaking killed it. &gt;&gt; This is the biggest &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; creator collaboration of all time as a prank for the internet. &gt;&gt; So, now it's time to fool the internet. &gt;&gt; All right, check this out. So, all of these streamers are going live on their channels [music] as if it's just a
[02:30] normal day. They're at home, but really we're here in North Carolina and they're on a soundstage. &gt;&gt; How we feeling this fine lovely morning? &gt;&gt; Guys, how is everyone doing? &gt;&gt; Hi, guys. &gt;&gt; Okay, hello, chat. &gt;&gt; We are here. &gt;&gt; Chat, what is up? &gt;&gt; You can see Ludwig is live streaming right now, but this is not his bedroom. It's like all designed by Jimmy's team and then there's 40 other live streamers, 50 total live streaming right now. And then Jimmy is about to go walk into this stream, walk into that stream, walk into that stream, walk into that
[03:00] stream like he's in different locations when really they're all here. And suddenly, all the millions of viewers that are watching these [music] live streams are going to be like, wait, how is Mr. Beast going from this location to that location cuz usually these people are all in different cities and countries. &gt;&gt; I got a story here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you keep telling your story. &gt;&gt; Is this your house, Poki? &gt;&gt; Yes, and you own it. &gt;&gt; AI Mr. Beast. &gt;&gt; I'm not AI. Tell me what to do to prove I'm not AI. &gt;&gt; Bonjour. &gt;&gt; Non, non. Non, il est vrai vrai
[03:30] Américain. &gt;&gt; Baguette. &gt;&gt; I'm going to just head to a different room. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. &gt;&gt; Is this Is this SPEED'S ROOM? &gt;&gt; OH, GET OFF MY DEAL, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] BRO. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; HE DIDN'T COMMIT. HE DIDN'T COMMIT. &gt;&gt; I'M not green screen. I'M IN MY ROOM. I'M IN MY ROOM. &gt;&gt; AND THEY'RE GOING TO FIND OUT THEY'RE HERE IN GREENVILLE and they're about to shoot one of the biggest videos of the
[04:00] year. &gt;&gt; WHAT ARE THEY DOING? &gt;&gt; THE ROOF'S CAVING IN. I THINK I THINK UH THE WALL broke a little bit. &gt;&gt; I'll come clean. This We're not in Speed's room. &gt;&gt; This is the replica of my room. &gt;&gt; As you can see, we're actually in my studio right now. &gt;&gt; I can't lie, guys. This is literally not my fault. &gt;&gt; Wait, point up a little higher. &gt;&gt; Just like point it point it like &gt;&gt; There you go. YEAH. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; THIS IS A LITERAL STUDIO. &gt;&gt; Their viewers don't know yet. So, you want to show them, boys? So, this is Ludwig stream. &gt;&gt; What up? &gt;&gt; Hey, buddy. &gt;&gt; How you doing, baby? &gt;&gt; Ah, it's chilling, man. Nice room. &gt;&gt; Thank you, man. &gt;&gt; Did they fall for it at the start? &gt;&gt; Honestly, yes.
[04:30] &gt;&gt; They had literally no idea. &gt;&gt; They said it's a green screen, so I went and touched stuff. &gt;&gt; Yes, this is a &gt;&gt; what green screen? &gt;&gt; This is a real the boo boo over here. &gt;&gt; Production value. &gt;&gt; How did y'all get this? &gt;&gt; To a T. &gt;&gt; Oh, bro, we hired the best art department on the planet. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, huge respect to the art team that put this together. &gt;&gt; We started pulling screen grabs from their streams and then we just started sourcing furniture. XQC's is kind of interesting. &gt;&gt; This is a custom shelf. They wanted to match exactly [music] what's in XQC's bedroom for his audience cuz they would
[05:00] know. &gt;&gt; So, it's like a 50k shelf. &gt;&gt; We had to find the shelf. &gt;&gt; I basically did a Google image reverse shot and found it as a rental in New Jersey and shipped it over [music] here. &gt;&gt; A really cool detail, she looked up the weather forecast. So, it's supposed to be snowing there. So, we got some snowflakes in the background. So, yeah. &gt;&gt; It's like a backlit transparency that [music] we brushed here in the day. &gt;&gt; Cuz he's based in Canada and right now it's winter, they made it look like the windows [music] have snow. &gt;&gt; I do can tell, guys, it's snowing. &gt;&gt; So, I wanted to put a lot of Easter eggs in the background. All the streamers
[05:30] have like YouTube play buttons and stuff like that, which they didn't really want to ship here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, I have a lot of extra ones. So, like [music] every play button in the background says Matthew Bean, they're mine. On Speed's bed, I actually built his bed out of toilet paper. And then that soccer ball back there is actually cake. &gt;&gt; Oh, OH, OH, WAIT. &gt;&gt; WAIT, WAIT, WAIT. THAT GREEN STATUE RIGHT THERE, that's a one-of-one art [music] piece that's in his house and we custom sculpted it in 5 hours yesterday. &gt;&gt; The bulldozer in Quackity's room, it's like a 30,000, 40,000 [music] pieces.
[06:00] So, it's like we sourced that pre-assembled and like had to rush it out here. &gt;&gt; I can FIX IT. &gt;&gt; NO, BRO, NO, NO. &gt;&gt; OH MY GOD, THEY BROKE THE BULLDOZER. &gt;&gt; BRO. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; OH NO, THEY BROKE the bulldozer. That was the one thing I was hoping they didn't break. &gt;&gt; For the content. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; That [music] painting my mom made, she painted that 25 years ago. &gt;&gt; And my art department painted it 25 hours ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And what's the blue [music] screen? Some of these rooms are like, they're in mansions with like 30-ft walls back and stuff like that. &gt;&gt; I see. &gt;&gt; Beyond the makeshift bedroom sets that
[06:30] they made practically, [music] they also have a bunch of these blue screen sets because, you know, getting 50 live streamers, getting them to commit last [music] minute, like some of these sets have to be recreated with Photoshop. You can see you have an exact replica. I look into the camera. I I hope this is not live. I hope to god we're not live right now. Now, we're in Pokimane's [music] bedroom. Like, look, this is all a set. It's fake. They replicated all the little trinkets and stuff that are usually at her house. They did it with every [music] single one of these big streamers to make it look like they're at home streaming for the first 10, 15
[07:00] minutes [music] and then they go into the YouTube shoot. Who else does that? &gt;&gt; Someone said, "Why? Why?" &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; Have you explained to your viewers &gt;&gt; Excuse me, why why are all these streamers in your house? &gt;&gt; Today, I'm kidnapping all your favorite streamers. Speed's going to co-host with me. We're putting them in a cube and whoever leaves last wins a million dollars for their viewers. &gt;&gt; Actually, like the viewers? &gt;&gt; Yeah, the viewers win a million dollars. And you can give away however you want. So, you can give a thousand people a thousand dollars. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so we'll get everyone in the cube and then I'll be like, "All right, I've now kidnapped your favorite streamers."
[07:30] We'll cut all the streams and the internet's going to be like, &gt;&gt; Can I see you introduce the challenge? &gt;&gt; Wait, okay, let me put on a MrBeast accent. &gt;&gt; WE'RE GOING TO BE PUTTING 50 STREAMERS INSIDE OF A CUBE. LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE. ALSO, FEASTABLES, COMMENT DOWN BELOW YOUR FAVORITE FEASTABLES FLAVOR. Peanut butter, MILK CHOCOLATE, OR PEANUT BUTTER REESE'S CUP? &gt;&gt; NOT REESE'S. &gt;&gt; BUT WAIT, once you get out &gt;&gt; This is where it gets crazy. &gt;&gt; Secret door? &gt;&gt; Oh, watch out. &gt;&gt; Secret door? Boom. Hold on. &gt;&gt; All right, look at this. They're
[08:00] collabing, their audiences are crossing over. Like, it's just genius the way he Jimmy has not only thought about the YouTube video, but everything that happens before to make it an even bigger deal. &gt;&gt; Skate, brother. &gt;&gt; How long has it been, bro? &gt;&gt; It's been a long time. &gt;&gt; It's chaos. As more people on the live streams, the millions of viewers [music] are beginning to realize, "Oh my god, they're about to shoot a Mr. Beast video." And that wasn't really Speed's room in Ohio, [music] and that wasn't really Excuse Me's set. We're all on a sound stage right now in North Carolina, about to film one of the biggest videos of the year.
[08:30] &gt;&gt; This is the set. &gt;&gt; No one else has seen the chef. This is where we're going to be putting them. &gt;&gt; Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; WE HAVE GATHERED 50 OF THE BIGGEST STREAMERS &gt;&gt; WE HAVE GATHERED 50 of the biggest streamers, and the last one to leave gets a million [music] bucks. &gt;&gt; Wait, that's the million you said? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; There we go, Ted. &gt;&gt; I got to do a little dance, man. I got to do a little Oh, you know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; You ain't doing enough guarding in there, cuz I was just in there and I could [music] have took all of the money. &gt;&gt; Poking fun at the guards, like chat is like going crazy. Like, "Oh my god, he's
[09:00] about to co-host a video with Mr. Beast." There's 83,000 people watching him live right now, and multiply that times 50. [music] Like, this is probably the greatest promo for a YouTube video I've ever seen. &gt;&gt; HEY STREAMERS, COME THIS WAY. HEAD ON IN. &gt;&gt; To everyone watching the streams, I'm about to trap your favorite streamer inside of this cube. And whichever one leaves [music] last will WIN THIS MILLION DOLLARS IN CASH FOR THEIR VIEWERS.
[09:30] &gt;&gt; WHY DID YOU RECREATE THE SET? &gt;&gt; THE THING IS, WELL, I feel bad if people fly for a whole day to come here, and then they out in the first one, two, or three? So, at least now, if they got a stream before the video, at least they'll feel like they got content even if they lost. That and then also, this is just freaking cool. &gt;&gt; How many like viewers were like tuning in when you were live just now? &gt;&gt; Over a million if you got every combined, for sure. &gt;&gt; Oh, you think over a million people were tuned in live just now? &gt;&gt; the streams plus all, for sure. &gt;&gt; How did you get barbecue sauce on your outfit already? &gt;&gt; It It squirted off on the thing for there. &gt;&gt; Like it's The lunch break has been going
[10:00] on for 5 minutes, guys. &gt;&gt; Well, this is a daily occurrence, so. &gt;&gt; I'm lucky mugging you, I'm not going to lie. &gt;&gt; No, she's She's frame mugging me right now. &gt;&gt; Oh, half the terminology you guys just said, I've no idea what &gt;&gt; Frame mugging? &gt;&gt; Yeah, go ahead, say [music] something. &gt;&gt; Do you know about jester maxing? &gt;&gt; I look very Mr. Beastie. Dude, I get a jacket? &gt;&gt; Yeah, bro, you look fresh, man. &gt;&gt; I think it's going to be bigger than the YouTuber one. &gt;&gt; You think? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah, definitely. A lot of big personalities here. I think it's going to be so entertaining. And we got you as a co-host. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can do it.
[10:30] &gt;&gt; Wait, so you're You're [music] the CEO of Twitch, but you're also going to compete against a bunch of Twitch streamers and live streamers who are here. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And are you going to You're not holding back? &gt;&gt; Of course not. &gt;&gt; Hey, I'm sneaking you the moment opportunity comes. &gt;&gt; Are you serious? You're kidding me? &gt;&gt; Get out. &gt;&gt; Take that hand out. &gt;&gt; You never know when Mr. Beast is going to throw at you. So, I'm kind of nervous. &gt;&gt; Come with me, let's head on over. &gt;&gt; I want to shake off these nerves. &gt;&gt; I'M PUTTING 50 OF THE BIGGEST STREAMERS IN THE MIDDLE OF THIS CUBE, AND WHOEVER LEAVES LAST WINS A MILLION DOLLARS. &gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT, the video's about to get
[11:00] started. Jimmy's getting them hyped [music] up. Things are getting loud. Alliances are starting to be built. &gt;&gt; We're in one of the biggest houses in North America. We just finished building it. This is one of our first shoots we've done in here besides Beast Games. &gt;&gt; Well, when we were here like a year and a half ago, this is all a bunch [music] of dirt, and they built it in record time. And then that studio, where the main locker room area is happening, people [music] are getting together, and it's just wild that Jimmy grew up not too far from here filming YouTube videos in his bedroom. So, it's crazy to see how quickly they're building studios &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; to make bigger videos than Hollywood.
[11:30] &gt;&gt; Emily, how do you make a cube look interesting? &gt;&gt; So, we have 16 static cameras, 16 robo cameras. We've [music] got eight long lenses. We want to make sure we're not missing anything. &gt;&gt; Is the idea with the FX3 in the corner, is that supposed to be a confessional camera type thing? Like creators are going off to it and they're just like spilling their feelings. &gt;&gt; Nothing to do in a cube, but I'm about to go crazy. &gt;&gt; We flip the viewfinders around so that they can see themselves and they go up and talk to them and it always makes the cut. &gt;&gt; There's like over 200 cameras on set, but it's not just the main cameras, [music] it's also these vlog cameras for every single streamer. Our creators
[12:00] [music] here are getting their own content. Like it is just genius the way they think about maximizing every moment with this many people with so many followers. &gt;&gt; Streaming is like basketball, football, any other sport. Somebody Some people's good at shooting, some people's good at goalkeeping. You have gamers here who strictly good at streaming on games. You have IRL streamers that's very good at IRL. [music] &gt;&gt; All right, we just put 50 of the biggest streamers in the cube. The video's about to start. Things are going to get crazy. &gt;&gt; Back up behind the purple line. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; YOU ALL ARE GOING TO GET ONE PAINTBALL
[12:30] SHOT. &gt;&gt; Paintball guns? &gt;&gt; Yeah. The five targets hit the most will be eliminated. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; They literally get to pick who they want to shoot and eliminate. So, it's your decision. Who do you not want to play this game with? You know, like you guys all have internet beef. Who do you want to not be here with? Who do you not want to spend the next day in the cube with? &gt;&gt; French audience is very strong. &gt;&gt; So, you have all the avatars here behind me. Timmy is about to hand out a bunch of paintball guns and this is actually a really bad place for me to [music] stand. Good luck, Agent. &gt;&gt; He missed. He missed.
[13:00] &gt;&gt; I'm a nice guy. Who's next? &gt;&gt; That's so mean. &gt;&gt; They're really testing the social dynamics. So, &gt;&gt; It's definitely a social dynamic game. &gt;&gt; Who are YOU GOING FOR? &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; TRADITIONALLY, YOU GUYS use briefcases for money. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And now you're bringing out paintball gun pellets. &gt;&gt; Go for KJ. &gt;&gt; They're getting calm. This is a real time. &gt;&gt; I'M SORRY. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; BUT YOU'RE NOT A STREAMER. YOU'RE GOING to miss, OLD MAN. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; HE MISSED?
[13:30] &gt;&gt; I'M AN EASY TARGET. &gt;&gt; WE DID A LOT of testing. We tested sounds of like dings when it [music] hit. &gt;&gt; Really? Oh, you guys tested the sound of this pellet? &gt;&gt; They wanted it to be a ding. &gt;&gt; Uh, five people just got eliminated. &gt;&gt; Bye-bye. Have a good time. &gt;&gt; We thought you guys had a great chance, dude. &gt;&gt; I thought so, too. Um, unfortunately, I actually shot myself. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Did you just shoot yourself?
[14:00] &gt;&gt; HE SHOT HIMSELF. &gt;&gt; HOW ARE YOU THAT BAD, THOUGH, BRO? &gt;&gt; You're one of the busiest streamers in the world. How did you carve [music] out two days in your schedule for this? &gt;&gt; hard. I have to stream tomorrow. I don't know what to do. &gt;&gt; Bro, I came in at 3:00 a.m. They had me wake up at 6:00 a.m. I'm on 3 hours of sleep. &gt;&gt; How were you thinking [music] about this shoot from a time perspective? &gt;&gt; So, we have a whole logistics team ready to book flights the second they're out, get them out tonight. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; So, for most people, it's going to be a one-day shoot. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And then, for that top 10 or so, they'll be here tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Look at his ankles. &gt;&gt; Yes, it's a terrible terrible sunburn.
[14:30] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; What happened? &gt;&gt; Crazy sunburn, bro. We did a video where we built a raft on an island and sailed it across [music] to a different island. And I just I got sunburned. &gt;&gt; You seen his feet, man? &gt;&gt; It's disgusting. &gt;&gt; These are not shadows, guys. These are sunburns. &gt;&gt; Honestly, the fact that you're here &gt;&gt; Yeah, I never want to see the sun again. &gt;&gt; This is the next bit, yeah, [music] okay? So, we're we're going to wheel in this Lambo in front of all the contestants. &gt;&gt; The streamers are going to put their hands on the Lamborghini, and at 10 minutes, they're going to have to
[15:00] &gt;&gt; Lower voice. &gt;&gt; Sorry, I like to project. &gt;&gt; You project a lot. &gt;&gt; Okay. They're going to [music] have to guess when it's been 10 minutes and take their hand off the Lamborghini. &gt;&gt; So, they have to count in their heads? &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; This is kind of [music] like a staple of Beast videos now, putting your hand on a Lambo. &gt;&gt; Yeah, how many Lambos do we give away? &gt;&gt; A lot, and also a lot of Teslas. &gt;&gt; And how many Lambos and Teslas do you have? &gt;&gt; And I I have zero. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I just love how it's completely unattended right now. Like there's nobody around it right now except for
[15:30] Speed. [music] Speed, what's about to happen, man? &gt;&gt; You telling me like I know. &gt;&gt; You don't know the game? &gt;&gt; Hell no. Are you guys ready FOR THE SECOND GAME? BRING OUT THE LAMBORGHINI! &gt;&gt; [screaming] [music] &gt;&gt; LOOK AT THE ATTENTION TO DETAIL THEY HAVE even like the LED floor change to a street for the car. &gt;&gt; One of you is about to win this Lamborghini for your viewers. You'll be going live in 15 minutes giving this away on stream.
[16:00] &gt;&gt; Change the floor. If you want to compete for this Lamborghini, step inside the circle in the next 2 minutes. 5 4 3 2 &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; ARE YOU BRINGING THE BLINDFOLD IN? &gt;&gt; I'm going to start the timer and the rest is on you. &gt;&gt; It's going to be the longest 10 minutes for them. &gt;&gt; Going from hands to faces is great. &gt;&gt; Oh, all right. WE HAVE OUR FIRST PERSON TO TAKE their hand off. &gt;&gt; Am I cooked? &gt;&gt; It's been like 5 minutes. &gt;&gt; No way. &gt;&gt; I lost. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; McCul, can you try to [music] find me the other Botez twin?
[16:30] &gt;&gt; I'm right here. &gt;&gt; Should be next to her. &gt;&gt; This is going to come down to literal [music] milliseconds. &gt;&gt; I think that's time, guys. You're good. 50, 60, 70 &gt;&gt; 30, 80, 60 &gt;&gt; 20, 20, 10 &gt;&gt; 9 &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; 3 seconds, 2 &gt;&gt; Oh, OH, WAIT. WAIT. WAIT. &gt;&gt; HE WON. HE WON. &gt;&gt; TIME. THEY DID IT AT THE SAME TIME. THEY DID IT AT THE &gt;&gt; SAME TIME. &gt;&gt; THAT WAS A PHOTO FINISH. We need the playback. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're working on it right now. We We're watching it right now. &gt;&gt; The Lambo game is like down to the wire. They don't know [music] who won. So, Jimmy's racing to the control room.
[17:00] We're about to go with them. Come on. &gt;&gt; I have the footage pulled already. I just don't know who's closest to 10 minutes. &gt;&gt; Is that five frames? &gt;&gt; Yeah, really close. &gt;&gt; They were [music] five frames different? &gt;&gt; They were five frames different. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Have you guys ever had a game that close? &gt;&gt; No, yeah. That was pretty close. &gt;&gt; So, 10-minute mark? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I'm so No one helped you guys? &gt;&gt; We didn't think we were allowed to. &gt;&gt; We didn't know you could do that. &gt;&gt; So, we left them with their vlog cameras. So, they were looking at the time on the vlog cameras. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; And then everyone started shouting at the end, so they couldn't hear us. So, I
[17:30] guess they kind of panicked and then &gt;&gt; Rheebo, Alex, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; we got the cameras here. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, they're going to freak. They think [music] Yeah, they think the sisters won right now. &gt;&gt; His hand came up five frames later, which was closer to 10 minutes. RHEEBO, YOU WON! &gt;&gt; YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] UP. &gt;&gt; THAT'S CRAZY. &gt;&gt; SORRY, NO work out. &gt;&gt; Five frames. &gt;&gt; It was that against the rules or there's just like fair play? &gt;&gt; I mean, it's fair play. We have a vlog
[18:00] in there. When I did I was like, I wonder if anyone else is going to think of this. Saw Sketch and Neon in there. I was like, I'm good. I'm kidding. [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, we're about to release our YouTube Hack Pack Pro, which includes many of our trailer music, sound effects, graphic templates, LUTs, and the things we've been using on this channel to grow [music] that many of you have been asking for. But, we've been trying to find a cool way to create a marketing video for it without spending a fortune. So, I tried out Higgsfield, which is today's sponsor, to see if I could create a few shots that we could use when we [music] finally launch our YouTube Hack Pack Pro. And we got some amazing shots like these. Now, I know
[18:30] there's been a lot of thoughts about AI, but Higgsfield is on a mission to be the most creator-friendly platform [music] out there because it's helping compliment how we make our videos. And with Higgsfield's new marketing studio tool, you can elevate the videos you make from product demos to UGC videos and more. Or let's say you have merch. You can also use Higgsfield marketing studio to create cool shots like this one that we did for our creative cats. We just gave it a photo and Higgsfield did the rest. And honestly, what surprised me is how easy it is to use. Like, you don't need special skills, fancy equipment, and it costs less than
[19:00] a night out. Plus, Higgsfield is home to so many other AI tools and features so you can set it up with one account, get free credits, and try it out by going to the link below. So, check it out and now [music] back to the video. &gt;&gt; We're going to give all the streamers an opportunity to choose whether they want to do something physical like a sport or if they want to do something that they're more used to doing like a video game. &gt;&gt; You decide if you want to play a video game or a sports game. &gt;&gt; So they're going to play the sport game first which is the soccer game. &gt;&gt; I'm tired bro. It's too much waiting
[19:30] around man. Everybody does their videos and stuff differently [music] so &gt;&gt; What what's different about how Jimmy does his video versus how you do it? &gt;&gt; He does it in so many cuts and he wants certain things, certain shots. &gt;&gt; There's so many different generations of video creators and Jimmy is working collabing [music] and making videos with all of them which I think is really smart. And it's funny cuz the celebs that we saw on Jimmy's last shoot that we were on view YouTube as the new thing. They're like, "Oh my god, I got to get on YouTube." [music] And the streamers view YouTube as the old thing. They're like, "No, no, no. YouTube? Too rehearsed, [music] too edited, too produced."
[20:00] &gt;&gt; Like YouTubers it feels like adults. They have schedules. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; They edit all their videos out. Like everything. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; They're like, "Yeah, I got a video that I got to go record." Streamers it's like, "What are you doing?" And they're like, "I don't know." &gt;&gt; They just want to do it raw. They want to move fast. They want to just do it unscripted. [music] &gt;&gt; I just like everything live, raw. I just like being raw, talking to [music] chat. You know, just being me. &gt;&gt; These are just going too slow than they should be. I mean, we're still we're on schedule. We're like right where we need to be. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but we're moving slow today. You know, it just depends how many balls Speed is GOING TO STOP.
[20:30] &gt;&gt; REVEAL THE SPORT THEY'RE PLAYING. &gt;&gt; What's about to happen [music] is Speed is going to be the goalie. They're going to try to take shots on him and if they do they advance. If not, they get eliminated. &gt;&gt; REVEAL THE GOALIE. We should have known. OH, NO. &gt;&gt; WHAT'S wild [music] is that we're actually in the same exact area as they played the last paintball game. You can see some of the pellets here. And it's really cool to see how they've [music] really perfected the art of not just having a great video, but having a great production that moves fast. &gt;&gt; I got you nervous man.
[21:00] &gt;&gt; No, man. I'm not stressing. I will score. &gt;&gt; I'm stopping this goal, baby. &gt;&gt; You're missing bro. You're out. &gt;&gt; Speed is not [music] even phased. This guy like probably one of the best athletes in the world, just happens to be a streamer and YouTuber. Here we go. [music] Take a look at how many cameras there are here, by the way. One GoPro here, one GoPro in the middle, one on that side, [music] one camera there, one camera there, one camera there, just in the goal area. And they have a drone going in and out trying [music] to get the perfect shot.
[21:30] All right, Josh, you're a drone pilot. What's going on here? What is this? &gt;&gt; So, this is what I refer to as my micro [music] FPV setup. It's about 120 g, super safe to fly around people, very quiet, which is nice for audio. &gt;&gt; And [music] it's motion controlled with your head? So, so if you if you move your head right now, what happens? &gt;&gt; If I look &gt;&gt; That's so cool. &gt;&gt; FPV taking off. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; If he misses, that's it. They all move on.
[22:00] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; He's never going to hear the end of this. Can you get a goal on me? Okay. No, no, go back. Go back. Go back. &gt;&gt; You're trying to impress your little your video. &gt;&gt; No, come on, man. Come on. &gt;&gt; No, do a backflip for me. &gt;&gt; I can't [music] do a backflip. &gt;&gt; Between these lines. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Bottom corner. We're on break. Just chill. We're about to bring in a bunch of stuff. &gt;&gt; All right, so they're about to film a short cuz they're trying to squeeze out as much content as possible while Jimmy's here. All these big [music] streamers are here. So, Luke, you're
[22:30] doing a short here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this mallet is for this carnival strong man game? &gt;&gt; Right now we're on a break. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're on &gt;&gt; But but there's no real break. Like you guys are always always shooting content. &gt;&gt; I'm on 24/7. You have to be ready every minute because for example, a break like this happens and then it's like, "Oh, what are we shooting? Do we have time to do it?" Heck yeah. [music] &gt;&gt; And where are you going to put Jimmy? &gt;&gt; He's going to hop all the way up, straight knock out, straight into the chin. &gt;&gt; Wait, this is going to go all the way up? &gt;&gt; All the way up, boom. And it hurts. &gt;&gt; So, what if Jimmy gets knocked out before he has to shoot this big video?
[23:00] &gt;&gt; We just got awesome content. What are you talking about? He won't [music] be happy, but he's not going to be sad. &gt;&gt; OKAY, GOT IT. &gt;&gt; THAT WAS GOOD. &gt;&gt; I THINK THEY WANT ONE MORE. I JUST GOT HIT. &gt;&gt; DUDE, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; I I think they need one more. &gt;&gt; We're done. We are done. I've gotten hit enough, guy. &gt;&gt; We didn't get the shot. That actually hit me in the nose like pretty hard. &gt;&gt; Revenge. &gt;&gt; Jimmy trash talk. &gt;&gt; THAT WAS PATHETIC.
[23:30] &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; JIMMY, DON'T MOVE, JIMMY. DON'T MOVE, JIMMY. &gt;&gt; WOW, HE ACTUALLY HIT ME. CANCEL HIM. Look straight at me and say a mean thing and go for it. &gt;&gt; This seems to be very pathetic for Luke. &gt;&gt; Simple is better. If you do this whole thing of like, how many points are they going to get or X, Y, and Z, no one cares about [music] that. All they want to see is punch bag hit Jimmy. It's as simple as that. If you over complicate shorts, they just don't work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; THIS GUY IS DONE.
[24:00] &gt;&gt; ONE MORE. &gt;&gt; SPEED DEFINITELY HITS THE HARDEST. &gt;&gt; EDG, ACT LIKE THAT'S XQC. &gt;&gt; XQC him? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he said your music's trash. &gt;&gt; What do you WANT TO HEAR MP? &gt;&gt; YOUR MUSIC IS &gt;&gt; ARE YOU GOING? OH. &gt;&gt; NOBODY WANTS TO HEAR MP. &gt;&gt; PUT FORCE INTO IT.
[24:30] PUT FORCE. &gt;&gt; We're balancing [music] probably at the same time like 20 to 30 videos. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; All right, a lot of people ask, if they can't leave the cube, how do they go to the bathroom? This is how they go [music] to the bathroom. They bring the bathroom to the cube. They stay within the red line. Tfue was saying he's going to push somebody out while they're in the porta-potty, which wouldn't be the first time that something like that happened. I think KSI tried to push some people out during the 50 [music] YouTubers video. That's not allowed. &gt;&gt; If you guys want an actual coffee, let me know. [music] &gt;&gt; Yo, who's getting cracked out with me?
[25:00] This next one is my favorite. &gt;&gt; That's what you said about the last one. &gt;&gt; What video game do you think we're about to play? &gt;&gt; Pac-Man. &gt;&gt; Rocket League. &gt;&gt; Did any of you say Fortnite? &gt;&gt; What? I WAS A FORTNITE PRO. &gt;&gt; WAIT, YOU THINK I CAN DO IT? &gt;&gt; WE'RE GOING TO BE DOING a Battle Royale. &gt;&gt; You use some of the most souped-up, expensive [music] PCs in the world. You got the monitors over there. They're about to wheel them in. It's just wild, like sourcing $100,000 worth of PCs. &gt;&gt; Bring in all the computers. &gt;&gt; I've never seen this many computers on [music] a Mr. Beast set. Like, how are
[25:30] you planning to shoot this? &gt;&gt; Obviously, for streamers, like it's a legendary game. We got honestly some of the best people who play games. &gt;&gt; Bennet, who knows like Fortnite, [music] was telling us like you like playing Fortnite right now is kind of like Michael Jordan unretiring. &gt;&gt; Kind of, yeah. I've been playing a while. &gt;&gt; This is going to be kind of a slaughterhouse. &gt;&gt; I'm not worried about myself. I'm worried about other people. &gt;&gt; Zack, can you roll those GoPros? &gt;&gt; You don't have to win. You just have to be the last man. &gt;&gt; That's so [music] fire. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's going to BE GOOD. &gt;&gt; SANTA, START THE MATCH. &gt;&gt; I DIED FROM FALLING OFF A CLIFF.
[26:00] &gt;&gt; FIVE ELIMINATIONS REMAIN. IT'S GETTING CRAZY. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, look at them all. Tfue, they're flying a plane together. [music] &gt;&gt; Even Tfue. That's crazy that the most cracked people in this game just all teamed up with each other. &gt;&gt; They're moving on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Unless someone [music] just crashes that plane RIGHT NOW. &gt;&gt; WOAH! [screaming] IT WAS TFUE! NO! NO, BRO! &gt;&gt; I JUST WANT TO SAY I CALLED IT. &gt;&gt; Everyone's doubting me. &gt;&gt; That's actually crazy. &gt;&gt; YOU TWO ARE FORTNITE PRO PLAYERS.
[26:30] &gt;&gt; YEAH, WE'RE PROBABLY THE TWO BEST players out there, to be honest. &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; But you're also eliminated. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; We suck. &gt;&gt; We're failures. &gt;&gt; Let's do a challenge. &gt;&gt; Let's do 100 push-ups right now. &gt;&gt; Down. Up. Down. Up. Down. &gt;&gt; I'll try hard right and win the next challenge. &gt;&gt; UP. DOWN. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; GIVE ME THAT! &gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT, YOU CAN SEE RIGHT NOW THE LED FLOOR. THIS IS AN OVERHEAD SHOT. It's going to be super important to this next
[27:00] game because a bunch of shapes are about to show up here. &gt;&gt; how they look so good. [music] That's live. It's It's our camera right up there. We got about 50 cameras rolling this whole time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can see yourself. &gt;&gt; Look how good the top down looks. Yeah, the time lapse in between the challenges is going to be sick. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Streamers, can I have you guys over here? You guys ready for the next game? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay, throw up the shapes. &gt;&gt; Your team runs the LED floor. &gt;&gt; So, we're [music] about to play the shapes game where we've got five random shapes.
[27:30] &gt;&gt; These shapes will spawn randomly across the floor. You have 10 seconds to memorize where the shapes are. &gt;&gt; And then Jimmy's going to spin a wheel and then they've got to run to where that shape is and then stand on that, hold on to each other, and hope they're in the shape. So, it's a fun game, yeah. &gt;&gt; The shapes are already predetermined by compliance, by legal. &gt;&gt; WHAT IS OUR SHAPE? SQUARE, GO, GO, GO. ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS READY? GET HERE, GET A SHOT OF THEIR FEET. &gt;&gt; I love how Jimmy is still directing
[28:00] cameras to this day. &gt;&gt; Jason's in. Jason's in, YOU WIN. &gt;&gt; WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? &gt;&gt; IT MEANS TWO [laughter] GUYS ARE ELIMINATED. &gt;&gt; No problem. &gt;&gt; It's the end. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; End of the trip. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; CONGRATULATIONS ON MAKING IT TO THE TOP 12. TO CELEBRATE, WE'RE GOING TO HAVE A SLUMBER PARTY. &gt;&gt; SO, we just [music] hit hour 11 12 of the shoot and they just wrapped the game and they're bringing in all these beds for the streamers because when Jimmy
[28:30] says you can't cross [music] the red line, otherwise you're eliminated, he means it. So, they're going to have to sleep here overnight and you can see the lighting has changed. It's a bit more mellow. All right, we'll see in the morning. All right, it's day two. [music] The streamers are just getting up and they're about to strap this rubber chicken to the bottom of their shoe to play the next game. &gt;&gt; Goodbye. You have one on both wrists? &gt;&gt; This is so funny. I love this. I love this game. &gt;&gt; Audio is losing your mind right now. &gt;&gt; I feel like I'm in an insane asylum. &gt;&gt; Jacob, what do these rubber chickens
[29:00] have to do with the next game? [music] &gt;&gt; We're going to tape them on the bottom of their feet and they have bells all over their body. Yeah. They have to run around the queue and dodge being hit with a dodgeball. &gt;&gt; Can you pick off [music] Chandler hit with him blindfolded with the ball really quickly? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; First four hit will be eliminated. CHANDLER, HAVE AT IT. &gt;&gt; OH! OH, he one shot it. &gt;&gt; Chandler's going to be in [music] a circle in the middle blindfolded with a ball. Tell me where they are. And as he
[29:30] hears people he's going to try to hit people. If he hits someone they're out. &gt;&gt; It is dead quiet. &gt;&gt; The way we're covering this is pretty clean. One wide on Jimmy. Some long lenses trying to catch [music] everyone getting hit. &gt;&gt; Oh! &gt;&gt; When we're able to shoot on long lenses without seeing camera people it really helps [music] immerse the viewer and feel like you're there watching this. &gt;&gt; Huh? Oh!
[30:00] &gt;&gt; All right, going for the shot. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; We're down to eight contestants. Went a little faster than we anticipated. [music] &gt;&gt; All right, there's like chaos going on here. There's so many things here on the [music] shelves. Like what is going on here? &gt;&gt; We are giving the contestants everything they need to build their own beast challenge. &gt;&gt; We have pretty much bought everything in town. &gt;&gt; Stand on one of these dots. &gt;&gt; I'm going to let you pick the next game. Cut the lights. &gt;&gt; Go dark. Go dark. &gt;&gt; I'm kind of nervous. &gt;&gt; They are bringing out these shelves with
[30:30] a bunch of different toys and products. [music] So you got things like water guns, hacky sack, play swords, Jenga, Slinky's. And it's a very similar to the red cubes game that they [music] played during beast games where they had a bunch of things on standby so they could decide how you guys going to eliminate yourselves. &gt;&gt; So, in the video clap scene changes, but we had to bring everything in so this is the behind the scenes. And we kept them blindfolded the whole time. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; Let's go ahead and cut the lights [music] in the floor, PLEASE. &gt;&gt; OKAY. TURN THE LIGHTS ON. OKAY, YOU CAN OPEN YOUR EYES.
[31:00] &gt;&gt; What the heck? &gt;&gt; What is going on? &gt;&gt; You all will decide what this game is. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; Four people [music] must be eliminated. &gt;&gt; Okay, okay, okay. &gt;&gt; Gather around me. &gt;&gt; Basketball but far away throw. &gt;&gt; What do you guys want to do? &gt;&gt; One we want to seven. &gt;&gt; Every shot is one [music] point. &gt;&gt; Me and Ski are doing connect four. &gt;&gt; Let's start the game. They have been decided. &gt;&gt; Let's push in handhelds. I'd love to [music] have one person per group. Looking for reacts on the long lenses here. &gt;&gt; She loses this game, she's out. &gt;&gt; Your heart is racing.
[31:30] &gt;&gt; You did it. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Wait, I did it. &gt;&gt; Womp womp womp womp. &gt;&gt; Sorry about it. &gt;&gt; And with that, seven remain. &gt;&gt; Let's do the basketball game. &gt;&gt; First shot, if he makes it, he Bye is gone. &gt;&gt; OH MY &gt;&gt; MAMO. &gt;&gt; WHAT? &gt;&gt; NAH. &gt;&gt; TRY ONE. &gt;&gt; THIS IS ALL YOU HAVE to do. &gt;&gt; OH. &gt;&gt; OH MY GOD. &gt;&gt; JIMMY WOULD be pissed if that was not in the edit. &gt;&gt; I took another shot though.
[32:00] &gt;&gt; But Ray dropped my hand and it worked well for me. &gt;&gt; What up? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Let's go. &gt;&gt; I did it. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; All right guys, GG soldier. &gt;&gt; Bye-bye-bye. &gt;&gt; Hey good play, man. You did great. &gt;&gt; It is [music] time for the most intense game. &gt;&gt; I'mma dog you, bro. &gt;&gt; I'm going to dog him. &gt;&gt; You're going to dog him? &gt;&gt; I'm going to dog him. &gt;&gt; Wait, right. So, you guys didn't know this game was happening. Like a one for one for one. How are you going [music] to shoot it? &gt;&gt; Yes, so usually in the control room well, I'm not prepared for whatever they
[32:30] choose, you know. So, yeah, now I'm going to shoot a basketball game. So, So, [music] is going in there directing on the floor instead of in the control room. And I've seen Emily come [music] in and out. A lot of moving pieces. A lot of moving pieces. &gt;&gt; Quite literally a lot of moving pieces. Quite literally a lot of like I'm moving a piece right now. &gt;&gt; They're playing 1 V [music] 1. They're just playing against each other. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. No way. &gt;&gt; I got to go back there and see how this looks. &gt;&gt; Fun fact, 11 million people watched the
[33:00] NBA finals [music] last year. And Jimmy was just telling them like, "Hey, you're not just playing for $1 million. You're playing in front of 3% of the world's population because his videos get 100 to 200 million views. So, looks like a casual 1 V 1 basketball game, but actually it may [music] get more views than most NBA finals. &gt;&gt; Is Jason better or worse than you thought? &gt;&gt; Worse than I thought. &gt;&gt; As I said, football world. &gt;&gt; Now we're cooking. [music] Now we're cooking. What is this? What is this?
[33:30] &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; The world wants to know why are you wearing a birthday cap right now? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I just thought I saw one over there. I was like, "I'm going to I'm never wearing one of these." &gt;&gt; So, there you guys. That's That's the answer we've been hoping for. &gt;&gt; You can't argue with a man with a birthday hat on. &gt;&gt; All right. We're about to get to game point and Jimmy's like, "No, no, no. Bring the cameras in. I want to get their thoughts. I want to build up the tension. I want to build up the story. And then we're going to run it." &gt;&gt; So, we're [music] taking notes on all the important things that are happening and any quotes that we think can make it
[34:00] into the video. &gt;&gt; Like right here, Marleus said, "I'm willing to go all the way for this million." &gt;&gt; And then he got out in the first round. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Just trying to find those moments to get the editors [music] whatever they need for story. &gt;&gt; So, this thing is recording every camera. And my job is to make sure all 500 terabytes gets organized [music] by vlog cams, by handhelds, by the statics that are all the way around the cube so they [music] can edit it within a month. One of the fastest timelines we ever had because the finale will be live right after. &gt;&gt; How is everybody at Beast like good on camera? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; We just hear Jimmy do it constantly.
[34:30] &gt;&gt; What's the score? &gt;&gt; Hey, 4-3. &gt;&gt; 4-3. &gt;&gt; Can't guard me. You can't score. That's it, bro. &gt;&gt; This would be an insane comeback. &gt;&gt; Whoever wins this &gt;&gt; Whoever wins this is in our final four. &gt;&gt; The intensity on set right now is at an all-time high because this is the final showdown of the final game. &gt;&gt; [music] [screaming]
[35:00] &gt;&gt; Put a Jordan push in. Jordan push in. &gt;&gt; Over. Look at Jason. It's over. &gt;&gt; Bro, that was intense. &gt;&gt; Bro, get up. &gt;&gt; Oh! &gt;&gt; This is 50 of the biggest streamers in the world. So, why would we not live stream the final game? &gt;&gt; YOU DOING IT LIVE? [screaming] &gt;&gt; YES. ALL FOUR of them. WE'LL BE LIVE on this CHANNEL 24 HOURS AFTER THIS VIDEO GOES UP. &gt;&gt; They've never ended a video like this, but hey, now they got 1 month to edit
[35:30] this massive video. &gt;&gt; This is about 3,000 [music] hours of footage. &gt;&gt; I have to get this organized in a week so that the editors [music] going to have it edited in 30 days, probably less. &gt;&gt; I've never had to do something this fast before. &gt;&gt; Wow. So, that puts the pressure on it cuz you got to get this video done, air it, and then have a live [music] ending of who's going to win this $1 million. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you something? I'm stressed. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; This video is unlike anything we've ever done because we're ending our video on a cliffhanger and we're going live to find the winner. &gt;&gt; I can't wait to see what people think.
[36:00] And honestly, I can't wait to see how many people show up. &gt;&gt; [music]