# Inside The Sidemen's $6M Charity Match
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXnhkt91VLk
Date: 2026-04-12

[00:00] You guys ready for 6.1 million dollars? I want something like this in America. 90,000 people are coming in right now to see the Sidemen Charity Match. This is history. Beyoncé, Ed Sheeran, Taylor Swift all performed here. And to have a bunch of YouTubers [music] sell out Wembley. This is the world's largest treadmill. &gt;&gt; This is going to get 1 billion views. &gt;&gt; LAST ONE RUNNING WINS. Kai is like down. I can't believe they
[00:30] just did that. &gt;&gt; want to come ride on a bus with us? I'm trying to shut London down. &gt;&gt; How's it going, London? Police escort, all these crowds are they're literally shutting down the streets of London because of this Feastables tour bus. Sidemen, I'm going to guess under white. &gt;&gt; HERE WE GO. I THINK IT'S KIND of like the Met Gala of the YouTube space. Do you still think about [music] running for president of the United States? Yeah. You came up with the idea last week. This is custom. Oh my god, Max. Here we are. Come on. He's a much more tense [music] now. &gt;&gt; We got 90,000 people watching.
[01:00] KSI is performing in front of his biggest crowd [music] ever. But moments like this they remind us of how far we've come. Let's stop Speed from scoring. They're chanting, "Let's stop Speed from scoring." That makes me want to score even more. I promise everybody that's [music] watching this, we going to win this game and we going to do IT FOR Y'ALL. CLAP UP. IF HE SCORES, he wins it.
[01:30] Where are we at right now? We're standing in the Grove, which is one of the finest hotels in England. The creators are going to walk through the door with probably 2 billion followers combined. &gt;&gt; Bro, this is about to be 90,000 people. Dude, we're hearing [music] from the team that they think they could break the record for like noise level, like decibel level at Wembley. It's possible, [music] though. What's going on on the green screen? I'll be doing a bit like like ESPN. I'll do like crossing the arms and graph [music] it. Perfect.
[02:00] Great seeing you, man. Dude, all the prime stuff looks amazing around Wembley. Yeah. Dude, I got [music] I got to say thank you. The interview we did like 2 years ago. &gt;&gt; it, John. I'm so proud of you, bro. Thanks, man. No, you do great work. We're on the soccer field or the pitch right inside the hotel where all the creators are staying at. That's Aura [music] there. Yeah. Yeah, great to see you, bro. Yeah, yeah. Stay ready, don't got to get ready, brother. I got the world's largest treadmill and we're going to slowly crank it up. How many creators do you think we'll be able
[02:30] to get to run on that treadmill? Yeah, okay. There we go. There we go. How's it going, man? Welcome. Are you streaming? Yeah, let's go peer pressure. Who do you think is the fastest here? Me. All right, let's let's get 10 people. You want to join? Yeah. Oh, Logan's joining. Come on, bro. Wow. Oh, he's doing plugs. Plugs. We won't do anything. How many people do we got, Jimmy? 20 have said yes. We'll see. &gt;&gt; All right, it's right over here, boys. Largest treadmill on Earth. So realistically, it's like how can we get the best content [music] in the easiest way possible? We found
[03:00] this giant treadmill. It's one of one. It happened to be in London. So we tested it earlier and Jimmy looked at me and went, "We're going fast." He was like, "I want to crank that baby as fast as possible." Who knows? This short right here could get 100 million, 200 million. &gt;&gt; No, this is going to get 1 billion views. LAST ONE RUNNING WINS. ALL RIGHT, let's do it. Crank it up. Crank this up. All right. CRANK UP THE SPEED. HOW YOU GUYS FEELING?
[03:30] A LITTLE FASTER. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; OH, FAMILY, YOU KILLED ME. KAI IS LIKE down and out. I don't know if he's doing
[04:00] a bit. I can't believe they just did that. Am I I took a proper tumble. All right, and the official winner of the world's largest treadmill TOURNAMENT IS SPEED. OH. I THOUGHT I ZONED HIM OUT. WAS THAT SICK? SO FAR. I'm so happy I'm okay. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; The golden shot, baby. Subscribe to this man. He gives you the best interviews in the world. Do you want to come ride on a bus with us? I'm trying to shut London down. We got permits. How's it going, LONDON?
[04:30] GUYS, LONDON. I GOT THIS GIANT BUS. I don't know cuz aren't you guys going for that? Wrapped in Feastables, I'm going to be driving around London for the next hour or two. Come hang out with us. I also got Mark Rober and a bunch of other creators. You guys going to have warm hands. Now it's Mr. Beast and his chocolate Feastables. Go out there and take your parents' money, even against their will, and buy as much of this We don't condone that.
[05:00] Mark, keep going. All right, we're heading to the London Eye. We're going to hang out with us. Dude, did you guys watch Mark Rober? Yeah, we got Mark Rober. Mark. Mark. Who is that away? You're the best scientist. I'm shocked at how much energy is coming from the British. I thought the Brits were far too sophisticated [music] to do that. Turns out, we're not. Yeah, this is the only the only time the people get police
[05:30] escort is for THE PRIME MINISTER. I LOVE YOU. I love you, Mark Rober. That's for Mr. Beast, isn't it? &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; They're literally shutting down the streets of London. Police escort, all these crowds are coming. And literally everybody on this bus is like filming some kind of content. &gt;&gt; [cheering]
[06:00] [cheering] &gt;&gt; But there's so many people here. Like look at this crowd. It's insane. Woo. Yo, we're here game day. The big day finally here. 90,000 people are coming in right now to see the Sidemen Charity
[06:30] Match. And if you see the crowd over there, it'll hit you like how big 90,000 people is. This is history. Taylor Swift, Ed Sheeran, all these huge acts and now the Sidemen Charity Match. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Come on, Sidemen. Let me see if I'm Where's the bathroom? Where's the bathroom? What you need? Where's the bathroom? All right, Speed is already out and he's got to go to the bathroom. That doesn't even surprise me anymore, man.
[07:00] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Yes. [music] Enjoy the game, mate. See you out there. Max is hoping [music] to find Mark Rober, show him his contraption. So obviously last time I did the universe. That's right. So I wanted to do something better and you know, you're
[07:30] the engineer. So I have had this made. So on my back in the entire warm-up I've been wearing this. Which is 3D printed. This is custom. Electric shredder. This is custom. And it goes in reverse as well. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You're going to Banksy this. Yeah, this is this is this is my Banksy moment. &gt;&gt; That is so sick. I mean That sounds like a powerful motor. Max, chose the strap. Like how how are you having this thing on you? So there's a there's a pocket in there.
[08:00] You go in here, Velcro it. Velcro it. So you could move around. That thing is not falling out. I literally just went and did the training session with sprinting, everything. And you're good. With this over the top and then just within 1 [music] 2 3. Wow. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I found a clip of you from the first ever Sidemen Charity Match. I just want to play it and get your reaction. Wow. I don't feel like there's that much expectation on me because I've never played 11-a-side football ever in my I it's upsetting. You know, we all started
[08:30] this in our bedrooms with little webcams. And also I think we secretly like to prove people wrong. All those years ago, they wouldn't even let us sell the full stadium capacity cuz they didn't believe that a bunch of guys who make YouTube videos could sell even a small stadium. So then to you know, carry on our journey and sell out one of the biggest stadiums. Dude, I feel your career has like skyrocketed in a way, yet I really admire how you've maintained your part of the Sidemen. How have you done that? I'd say 2017 is when my career really started taking off. And
[09:00] funny, I started the whole boxing thing. Whenever I go away to do a tour, to do a match or or a fight, they're so understanding and allow me to do my thing. And it just works, man. We're all equal. No one has a high percentage. I think also it's just because we're friends. We're like legit friends. Moments like this just really remind us of how far we've come. Do you feel like your diss tracks with Logan when you guys were fighting helped prepare you for your music career? Uh
[09:30] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Uh Well Uh it definitely got the creative juices flowing. Dude, I feel like we need a new interview format like Hot Ones. Like get a massage while you're on Yeah, yeah. As big as the stadium is, bro, my heart won't skip a beat. Can I show you one other clip before you go out there? Dude, I was looking at our interview from 3 years [music] ago and you said this. &gt;&gt; to be president of the United States one day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I really think so. Yeah, my presidential dreams. Are you still
[10:00] thinking about running for president of the United States? Um yeah. Yeah, but like man, I look at the trajectory of my life and I'm 29. I'm so blessed to say and grateful to say I've done a lot. Bro, 15, 20 years from now, like I may flip a switch and be like, you know what? Let's make the United States the greatest country on the planet forever. Listen, listen, listen. We're serious. But it's energy. That's the energy. What's going to win this match is energy. &gt;&gt; That's right. They're they're listening to Eminem right now.
[10:30] Like like Speed and Kai are just bringing the energy up. In a way you're you're not really seeing it in the other locker room. Bro, we got a a picture of me and you? Are you serious? Bro, thank you, bro. Hey, yo, what's this for? Are you guys shooting a thumbnail? Yeah, cuz we we shot a video we never got a thumbnail. Dude, there's much more content happening on your locker room than their locker room. Yeah, because they're pricks. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; They're they're here to try hard, win the game, but at the end of the day, we're going to be the winners. Yeah? I'm having fun.
[11:00] Guys, everybody listen up, listen up, listen up. I want everybody to come in, man. Things are much more tense [music] now. Like they're getting ready for kickoff. We got 90,000 people watching us. And we need to win. Our families is watching. Our friends is watching. We can't let nobody down. Biggest stage of football we could ever play. Wembley, 90,000. And this is my first time as a captain and I want to lead y'all boys to victory. I want I want to have I want to I want to see everybody in this field, everybody in this locker room to have a smile on their face after the game. Just
[11:30] do what you want. Honestly, no one will get mad at anyone for trying anything. Just just have some fun and I like that. And stop Speed from scoring. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh, here they come. Here they come.
[12:00] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Look at that. This is like a next-level production. But what are those balloons? FULL OF BASKETBALL BANNERS. YEAH, THEY'RE FULL of helium. And they're fake. Oh, now the crowd is getting loud.
[12:30] Looking at all this, how much does it cost to put on the Sidemen Charity Match? Listen, it's in the millions now. I obviously this is historic, but can you put it into terms that maybe like other people around the world, not just in the UK, can understand? I think it's become kind of like the Met Gala of the YouTube space. It's like the biggest creators in the world come and hang out. It feels like we've become this moment in time per year. Yeah. And and and like the pitch is like the red carpet. The pitch is the red carpet, except you're allowed to walk on the red carpet, where
[13:00] you have to stand on the side. But you know, there you there's a sign that usually hangs here that says uh players enter, legends leave. And that's very much what it feels like today, I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm feeling it today. How would you describe like the behind-the-scenes? Listen, I have this idea that shoe boxes make money, fancy offices leak them. When you have your profits up and you can make money, then you can start investing in cool stuff. We do create cool stuff, but we're a scrappy bunch. Logan is right there. He has a GoPro strapped to his chest. I didn't realize those GoPros are live-streamed. Yeah, I know. You should see. We have two of them flying around. The spider cam is
[13:30] nuts. And we're getting ready for kickoff here. The Sidemen are going to get us underway. Enjoy, GUYS. HERE WE GO! &gt;&gt; [music] [cheering] &gt;&gt; KSI with his first ever penalty kick IS A GOAL! &gt;&gt; [screaming]
[14:00] &gt;&gt; LOOK AT THIS CELEBRATION! Logan just did a WWE move. Can I be honest about something? So, this video took nearly a year to edit while we were also editing seven episodes of a docu-series with MrBeast for the making of Beast Games. And I really wanted to get the perfect shots for this, especially at the moment that the creators arrived at Wembley. But we were filming inside, so I didn't have any shots of them coming off the bus.
[14:30] So, I tried out this new tool called Higgsfield, which is today's sponsor, to create a shot that we could use for that scene. Now, I know there's a lot of thoughts about AI, but Higgsfield is on a mission to be the most creator-friendly platform by helping complement how we tell stories. [music] Especially in documentaries like this one, where it's hard to get some of those cinematic transitions while staying true to the story. But with Higgsfield's new Cinema Studio 2.0 tool, I could ask for a shot of a bus coming towards Wembley, and boom, I got all these options. So, then ultimately [music] it came down to these two shots where our camera was following the bus from behind, and this one where the
[15:00] camera followed from the side, so we went with that one. And all you have to do to try it is to type in the text of what kind of shot you want. You could change the shot from wide to medium to close-up or even change the color grade. And Higgsfield is home to many other AI tools you can set up all in one account, get free credits, and try it out now. So, go to the link below to check out Higgsfield, and now back to the video. All right, this is probably one [music] of the more tense areas. It's the live-stream production truck. Oh my god, this is where the magic happens.
[15:30] Look at this. The amount of things you have to coordinate in real time, the players, the graphics, like it's just unbelievable. What have been the peak concurrence on the live stream so far? Peak now, it's over 2.3 million watching and still going up. Oh my god. So, the average [music] view duration on this live has been people watching for 25 minutes. We're getting like thousands of chat messages a minute. How many camera
[16:00] angles are we [music] managing here? It's at least 30. &gt;&gt; [music] [screaming] &gt;&gt; They're locked in. There's [music] about 20 people in this truck. They're coordinating so many different camera angles, different audio tracks to make sure that millions of
[16:30] people can view on the live stream. This kid is like singing the MrBeast theme song. There's a kid there singing your theme song non-stop. Speed is coming this close to scoring.
[17:00] We're coming up on half time. Let's go, Mark. Wait, it's half time. They don't know the surprise. KSI is performing. This isn't just history for football. It's going to be history for KSI and him performing in front of his biggest crowd ever. And Ed's got done in the tunnel. Ed's his toilet. Do you want me to come? Yeah.
[17:30] JJ's about to get his in-ears for the performance, so Okay, so there's some last-minute chaos here cuz they're coordinating the halftime show with KSI. The fact that they're planning a halftime show with one of the players, and they're coordinating across the biggest YouTubers in the world, like this is madness. This is madness. We've got a link outside another BTC. So, how How long do we have? About 3 or 4 minutes, yeah.
[18:00] No. No, yeah. [music] Till we're here. Till we're here. And then so How do you guys coordinate all these moving pieces? It's not about today, man. It is 3, 4 months in the planning. Everything every second's accounted for. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Are you ready?
[18:30] &gt;&gt; [music] [cheering] &gt;&gt; That hands down was the best part of the entire event. That was &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Does seeing a live event this big make
[19:00] you want to do like a live Beast Games or something? Uh it makes me want to do basketball cuz like I I love the Sidemen every match, their charity match, super fun, but [music] I want something like this in America, and specifically basketball cuz that's what I actually play. Like I don't play football. &gt;&gt; Is it going to happen? Like I feel like you're the guy to make it happen. We'll see. We'll see. Speed, do you know we were in the other locker room, and you guys are chanting let's win, they're chanting let's stop Speed from scoring. Let's stop Speed from scoring. &gt;&gt; [cheering]
[19:30] &gt;&gt; That's crazy. It makes you want to score even more, right? Right now, let me just say one thing. I feel like we need a motivational speech from the captain. Now look, it's 4-4, but we going to win. We got me and Jinja up front. We about to make it happen. And I promise y'all, and I promise everybody that's watching this, we going to win this game, we going to smash it, and we and we do it for y'all. SO EVERYBODY THAT'S WATCHING CLAP UP CUZ WE'RE ABOUT TO GET RIGHT. YES. LET'S GO.
[20:00] WE'RE GOING TO GET HIM A GOAL. GOAL. WE'RE GOING TO WIN THIS GAME. AND THEN WE'RE GOING TO SUE ON ALL OF THEM. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; THERE YOU GO. THE SIDEMEN HEADING INTO THE SECOND HALF. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Would you rather meet KSI or Messi? KSI. KSI. KSI. You would rather meet KSI than Messi?
[20:30] Yes. How long have you guys been watching the Sidemen? Like since birth. It's all to play for. It's perfectly poised for a bit of history. And we are underway. Oh, here we go. Max Fosh just got a yellow card. He just got a yellow card. Oh my god. Oh my god. This is the moment. Wait for it. Wait for it. He's shredding it. He's shredding it. He's shredding the yellow card.
[21:00] OH MY GOD, MAX. DUDE, you did it. Look at Twitter. Oh, brilliant. The visual worked great. I'm so glad because I pulled it out and I didn't hear that that that it wasn't working. So obviously when I made the challenge, the battery came out. So I I turned it on and nothing happened. So I tried to push it in and nothing happened. So I then got annoyed and so I slammed it against the floor and as it hit the floor I heard it like worrying
[21:30] again. I was like, "Oh my god, I need to take this." Straight. You know what, dude? You got the shot, man. You coordinated with him to shred the yellow card. &gt;&gt; No, no. I I didn't know nothing about it. You didn't know anything about No, you knew. Big surprise, but I can't believe he must have got it from eBay cuz it didn't work. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; He knew. He totally knew. Speed came this close to scoring.
[22:00] Fans like want it. Like I don't think this crowd will go any crazier than if Speed scores right now. Speed is about to take a penalty kick. This could be the moment. This could be the moment. Here we go. OH. OH! &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; SPEED! SPEED SCORED! HERE HE GOES! GOAL! &gt;&gt; [music]
[22:30] &gt;&gt; THEY'RE LIFTING him up. Speed! Look at the crowd. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; They are loving it. Oh, look at the wave. Here comes the wave. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Never before have we seen a penalty shootout. And let me tell you something,
[23:00] there's no way Sketch saves a PENALTY FROM SIMON. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; WHAT JUST HAPPENED? WHAT A SAVE! THE ONLY THING he misses is of course his ex. Chris! There you go. Keeper's right, keeper's left. Niko. Oh, he's just done enough. Come on, Jay Jay. Put it away. That'll do.
[23:30] KSI just scored a penalty kick. Like people are going wild. I'm not sure if that's the wise decision. The finishing in that game from Speed was tantamount to treason. But if he scores, he wins it. TO WIN IT FOR YOUTUBE ALL-STARS. Look at that backflip. And it's a YouTube All-Stars win on the biggest day in Sidemen history. I wonder
[24:00] how they feel having raised this amount of money for this cause and just played in front of the fans that made them who they are. And they raised $6.1 million for charity? That's correct. So the final score is 13-14. &gt;&gt; Correct. YouTube All-Stars win. That's an L I'll gladly take &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; for what we saw displayed here today. But that's a W overall. Let's go! I don't think you could ask for a better ending. Speed game winner on penalty kicks. Like what
[24:30] an ending to an epic epic epic weekend. [music] Speed, how do you feel? Amazing! Look at him, dude. Look at the Look all the press around Max as he explains his shredder stunt. [music] So the YouTube All-Stars are going up to the main area where the king and queen usually sit. They're [music] going to hoist the trophy. They're going to come back on the field. Like it it doesn't get more legit than this. And I think you got to give a lot of credit to the
[25:00] Sidemen, their production team for pushing the boundary, but still respecting tradition and just doing it big in a way that only they can. Speed hoisting the trophy. Look at that. Look at that. And confetti flying. Wow. Oh! Damn. You deserve it, man. Jimmy, way to go, baby. Way to go, bro.
[25:30] That was insane. If you have any footage of me playing in that game, delete it. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Apart from my penalty, keep that in, but anything else, remove it. The whole thing. Bro, I like look at my life. I'm like, "Wow, like I'm so great." But I'm still humble, bro. Like you know what I'm saying? You're trolling me, man. You're trolling. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You're trolling me, man. Every single detail, man. I'm getting
[26:00] goosebumps. It is &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; unbelievable to see like what they pulled off here. You know, Vic said it. They were underestimated. I doubt anybody's going to underestimate them after this. But something tells me they're going to keep raising the bar. Bro, you are ripped, MAN. OH MY GOD, DUDE. EVERYONE'S FAVORITE ENGINEER IS RIPPED. WHAT is going on?
[26:30] What do you think about legacy? &gt;&gt; Oh, bro. I mean, we're always just increasing and improving the legacy every day, bro. Speedy, bro. What up? You got to run it back, bro.