# MrBeast confronts Beast Games finalists (Season 2 Reunion)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYD8khZdY6Q
Date: 2026-03-29

[00:00] I was so caught off guard. We're starting with that. We have a never before seen clip. Oh god. Now you love this. Come on. Let's talk about it. That's a CROCK OF CRAP. WELCOME TO THE OFFICIAL BEAST GAMES 2 reunion. Jack, what did I do? You screwed Sue over. Scary. Have you spoke with Sue since? I'm still waiting on a response. You would like a chance to apologize to her. Sue, come on in. So you got to give HIM A HUG? YOU DON'T HAVE THE [music] BALLS. Watching that live with the rest of the world was devastating. [music] I think
[00:30] in no way is that cheating. I would do it 100 times over. &gt;&gt; want to cry. &gt;&gt; We're going to talk about all the beef, all the drama. &gt;&gt; I don't think 2 [music] weeks is a ridiculous time to make it official. &gt;&gt; It is a ridiculous time to get married. &gt;&gt; I pronounce you husband and wife. The internet thinks it's fake. &gt;&gt; We can clear this up right here. &gt;&gt; If you [music] divorce her, do you get half her 500 grand? &gt;&gt; I mean Yo, why are you all choked up? And Jack, you ordained that wedding? I sure did. &gt;&gt; A real honorable ordained minister. And show you some things that you didn't see in the show. Most [music] satisfying shot of the entire show.
[01:00] &gt;&gt; The moment August got eliminated. &gt;&gt; I couldn't trust [music] him. &gt;&gt; Maybe I should have shut up about it. &gt;&gt; If I could turn back the time What would you take? I would have taken 500,000. My boys don't got my back like that. &gt;&gt; That makes me feel worse. I want to play this clip of Monica. [music] &gt;&gt; You want to eliminate all the girls one by one. &gt;&gt; Woah, woah, what are you doing? &gt;&gt; Where did you get those shots? I'm here with John Usha. Let's get in [music] to the reunion. Welcome to the official reunion of Beast Games season 2. I'm excited. &gt;&gt; [applause]
[01:30] &gt;&gt; I thought we just address the elephant in the room. Obviously, Corey is not here with us. He had a work commitment that he couldn't get out of, but Corey, we miss you here. We wish you were here, but uh we got a lot to dive into. So uh Jimmy, I wanted to ask how much money did you give away on this season of Beast Games? Season 2, we gave away 12.6 million dollars, most of which went to people right here. Yeah. [laughter] But but not evenly. Not evenly. Not evenly. Can we show the earnings of the folks here? Oh gosh. Damn. Yeah. Okay. All right. The mood
[02:00] changed a little bit. &gt;&gt; Wow, John is kicking it off like this. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I I wanted to spice things up a little bit because I talked to a bunch of you guys before this. I asked you guys who from the finalists did not deserve the money that they took home. Oh my god, we're getting to this already. [laughter] We're starting with that? The two people who got the most votes were Brett and Nick. Ooh. Oh, that's how the gang over here feels? I'm wondering if you guys could uh like
[02:30] elaborate on that. Come on, guys. What'd you say? &gt;&gt; Uh I'm just saying like the way that it was won was a little a little just the dishonesty was Oh. Was the only reason. Can you elaborate on that? I mean, the only two people to not take their fair split in the money split was Nick and Brett. Why don't we play a clip when things started to unravel? Wait, I love this. We are all going to get $100,000 and everybody's going to be so happy. So so happy. If we all do that, we'll all be in a good spot, but this is a real test of someone's character. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; We will see. It's hard because I want
[03:00] everyone to have a piece of the pie. Do the pieces though have to be even? I'm going to take $250,000. Woah. At some point, you [music] got to be a little bit greedy for yourself. Wow. How are you feeling? Cuz you told me right before you were like, they're all going to take their fair share. Yeah, I mean, I guess I should after season 1 expect something like that to happen now, but Yeah, but that moment uh I was I I even I was like pretty shocked. What What do you think though because why not take the whole thing at that point instead of just 250k?
[03:30] &gt;&gt; Well, I felt in that time I'm like, okay, if I take 250k and leave $750,000, I thought that it would be respected amongst my friends that I didn't take a lot more. Uh clearly, my boys don't got my back like that, but hey, that's I mean, I've never met people walking up to $750,000 that are very ungrateful acting like it was 50 bucks, but August saw August saw the money and was like taken back. And I know August is going to think that like, okay, like I cooked
[04:00] my chances, but I feel like my chances dropped because of the the reaction of my friends. I mean, hey, these are the same people that were prancing around dapping up JT saying more money for JC, but I do something and everyone here knows my story. I have lesser than and and that's not a pity party. I did something for myself and still left a good chunk of change for people that are very fortunate in their regular lives. &gt;&gt; With what you know now, how much would you take? If I could go and back in front of the money, I would have taken $500,000 and &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, no, I'm dead serious. I I would I
[04:30] would have I would have taken I think that's smart. I think I would have taken I would have taken 500k and if you got to the box and 100k was still in there, your guaranteed amount, if you didn't take it, that's on you and that's not on me. And yeah, I don't expect to be praised, but I didn't expect to get the hate that I got. I want to hear what August has to say. Yeah, like if it were me, it's like you should take half or you know, something like that. Um so your friends can still get a little bit of money, but then at least like you have a significant chunk that you're kind of like self-limiting for. And so
[05:00] it's obviously Let Let me finish. So obviously uh No, no, but I'm saying If I knew phones was next, I would have taken the million instead of guys, I have a plan. And and I would have I would have distributed it for the votes to get through. If Nick took the mill and then in the phone game split it evenly 100k, I'm not voting for that guy. I'm going to take the 100k. I actually I would have done the same thing. I would have taken 750. I think the thing about the money split, like Nick was kind of the ringleader of that discussion. Like guys, like I'm going to be so happy to just go home with 100k like and we're
[05:30] like, yeah, yeah, like this is a great plan and I think, you know, we just felt blindsided by that. Yeah. I want I want to talk about another pivotal moment during the cubes game where it seemed like a lot of things started to unravel. Jack, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's a big one. &gt;&gt; I do? Oh yeah, let's go. Oh, we're starting with that. Let's talk about it. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; The laser pointer just shifted from those two over to there. Bring in Sue. I want to talk about the moment where you rigged the card game to eliminate Sue. &gt;&gt; the R-word. &gt;&gt; And uh
[06:00] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I want to I want to play the clip first. Jack, Tyler, and Sue decided to draw cards to determine which of the three of them would be going home. And that's when Jack did something unexpected. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Low card goes home. 1 [music] 2 3 go. Oh, it's me.
[06:30] Uh Sue, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, sweetheart. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I shouldn't have said sweetheart. Yeah. Wow, that's that's a clip. Wow. That's a clip. That's what we're going to watch back. Have you spoke with Sue since? I did send Sue two messages. I'm still waiting on a response. I I think she's seen them. She just has chose not to respond. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Honestly, in her situation, I probably would have done something similar, but yeah, still have not had that reconciliation yet. And when she
[07:00] didn't know that happened till it aired? She did not. We We didn't tell her. No. I actually spoke with Sue uh after she got eliminated as part of our behind the scenes and I'm wondering if we could play this clip uh from my conversation with Sue. I'm just I'm just curious if you had this context. They're the nicest guys in the world and this is a game and we played a fair game and I'm going home with no money. It I mean, so it really sucks. I was hoping at least something to help me in my retirement. You know, I'm 60, [music] so I was really hoping to have
[07:30] something. How do you think about your retirement now? It's scary. You know, like I've always worked two jobs. You know, I work hard. I'm a hard worker, &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; but I've never had the money to really like be financially secure. So I'm going to just keep working, I guess. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It just sort of sucks. I want to be able to help my daughter and my mom. And I might not be able to.
[08:00] Yeah, it doesn't look great now after watching that. I I remember I asked you after you made that decision like do you worry about being perceived as the villain? What What do you think? Like Now, no. I think after that moment when we had that conversation, I did reflect on a little bit and I realized like the perception was obviously going to be pretty negative, but looking back, I would I would have done the exact same thing even after watching that. I had never met Sue before the show. My life is not going to change
[08:30] with or without Sue in my life. So I was like, I'm willing to sacrifice that relationship to to sit here right now. If I had if I had to trade this seat to be friends with Sue, I'm sitting here right now. Damn, I I didn't realize you tried to reach out to her. She didn't She left her DMs unread. Yeah, which is honestly, I was hoping to be able to have an open conversation with her. If I was in her position, I'd be pissed at me. But you you said you would like a chance to apologize to her? I would like I would I just have a conversation with her. Not necessarily apologize for it cuz I have no regrets on that. I would do it 100 times over. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I mean, I I I feel like I
[09:00] feel like you could facilitate that conversation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um it's kind of a shame that that chair is left empty. Um Sue, come on in. No way. Oh, she's going to give HIM A HUG? &gt;&gt; [screaming] [laughter] &gt;&gt; OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD. NO WAY.
[09:30] CONGRATULATIONS. THANKS FOR COMING OUT. THANK YOU. ALL RIGHT. HEY, how are you? I'm so happy. This day just got way worse. All right, everyone, let's let's let's have a seat. Let's have a seat. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No way, this is crazy. This is crazy. What a pleasant surprise. How are you? I'm doing really good. You got us. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yo, that's amazing. That's crazy. I heard that you might have not replied to a certain someone's
[10:00] DMs. You want to tell us about that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, well, when when somebody I'm all for gameplay. Of course. And I'm obviously I'm from Survivor. It's cutthroat game. I understand gameplay. I actually respect gameplay. Yep. But it's after the game that to me matters. And it's on a human level that when you do something against someone and you actually destroy their dreams. Oof. And you don't have the balls to let them know ahead of time.
[10:30] &gt;&gt; I signed a contract that said I wouldn't say anything. &gt;&gt; don't have the balls to let them know. Yeah. That you sort of burned them in a different way than what you expected. Yeah. It's very hard to like talk to them. And I understand, but once again, we all signed a contract. I signed an NDA that says I'm I'm not going to say anything. And I I talked to people in my life and they told me, "Do not say anything to her. Have that conversation after." And literally at 4:00 a.m. on Wednesday when the episode dropped, you saw I sent the message. &gt;&gt; So, what people did you talk to seeing
[11:00] that you signed an NDA? I talked to people that were in the game. &gt;&gt; Oh, and what did they all tell you? Don't say anything. &gt;&gt; That's such a lie. That's not true? That's not true? You were you were you there for that conversation? &gt;&gt; to people who've told me &gt;&gt; Well, I I had the conversation with them. I I've spoken to other people who told me otherwise. &gt;&gt; Okay, please name them. Yeah, I feel like Thank you. We we said Thank you. I appreciate you guys. I remember you saying us saying, "I think you should say something ahead of time just so she's not blindsided." That's my memory of it.
[11:30] &gt;&gt; That was one of the hardest things that I had to endure. I understood that, you know, I was knocked out of the game. And the one thing that I did say, and you were there, is that, you know, I want to have a message sent out to all of the people, especially the young children like my grandson's age, that we're all going to play games in life. Okay, we can't win every game. But what matters is is that you show up, you go all in, and you play with integrity. And that's what makes you a winner.
[12:00] That's how you know, that's how I feel. It's It's I played the game with integrity. I was willing to walk out and handcuff myself because I believed I lost a fair game. The game is over and I'm a human being and watching that live with the rest of the world was devastating. &gt;&gt; you tell us about that? Where Where Where were you when you watched it? What was it? Like where Where were you at your house? &gt;&gt; because Yeah, so I was at my house. And you know, every morning I get you know, I get up early and you know, I knew I was going to be eliminated. I'm totally,
[12:30] you know, accepting of that. Knew I was being eliminated like all of us, you know, have been eliminated. When I watched that, I fell to the floor when I realized what Jack had done. And on top of being devastated, my first instinct was to call my daughter and my grandson because they wake up early before school to watch the show. And I needed to warn them that Jack did what he did and that's how
[13:00] I got eliminated. It wasn't the fair game that I thought, in my opinion, that I thought it was. And that was really hard and you know, to have I couldn't call a million people, but to have my sister call me crying hysterical, devastated. It was It's hard. It's sad, you know, because if I had known, I could at least warn my loved ones of what happened and I didn't get that opportunity. And I feel on a human level and all of us who do play these games, we do sign an NDA. I will never hide behind an NDA
[13:30] contract when we are all players together in the same game. I don't think you would have broken an NDA law if you had told me because I'm a player, too. It's not like I'm someone that Joe Schmoe on the street. I was playing with you in this game. So, I don't accept the fact that you're hiding behind an NDA. &gt;&gt; it, but at the same time you can talk to every one of these contestants that that knew about it prior because I talked about it to them in this game. It was not an easy thing for me not to say
[14:00] anything. But it weighed on me absolutely heavy. &gt;&gt; And I I told them the plan for &gt;&gt; So, when I saw you four days prior at the party that I saw you four days prior and I saw you You couldn't even look at me and I couldn't figure out why you couldn't even look at me. &gt;&gt; at you. We had a great conversation. We talked. We took photos. We had a good time. We were at We were at a New York City watch party together for episode four. But what's called? I I then It's a good thing I wasn't at the watch party for episode five. Yeah. He wasn't invited. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Justified. If I had not done that and
[14:30] we play we played as as normal and I flipped the card and if I had flipped the low card, I would I would have gone out of there. Well, yeah. Like I I would have sat at home going, "Man, I wish I wish I had I'm not I'm so I'm not going to use the word cheat. I don't think it's cheating in my opinion. We can have different opinions. I think in no way is that cheating. The rule of the game is not to play a fair game. The rule of the game is to convince someone to handcuff themselves and I was able to convince you to handcuff themselves. I don't I don't think &gt;&gt; to you. Yeah, I don't I don't think the cube game should be seen as a game where you get to pick whatever you want and then you play on that those results. The
[15:00] game it's a social manipulation game. So, I was fine with creating a false game in order to advance further. &gt;&gt; So, I have one other question. When you when you did this, um you said that you did this to move you and your partner forward. &gt;&gt; And I tried to tell Tyler &gt;&gt; So, what did you Did you give Tyler a special card or how did you do this to move him and you forward and make sure that Sue was out? &gt;&gt; When you were looking a different way or whatever, I was trying to signal to Tyler that the the cards were were loaded to the front. So, Tyler did know?
[15:30] Tyler When I tried to tell him, he didn't pick up what I was putting down. I I tried to let him know he did not &gt;&gt; let Tyler in. So, Tyler's also here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'd like to hear from Tyler. &gt;&gt; Did Did you know? No, like he tried to signal, but I was I suck at reading lips, so I had no clue what he was trying to say. And I believe you. I believe you. And Well, to be fair, you flipped over an eight, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you're saying it like you flipped over an ace or a king. &gt;&gt; I would have known, I would have picked from the left side cuz he said he stacked two highest card there, but I picked from the right side. So, when I flipped my card over, I saw Sue's card
[16:00] upside down and I saw the bottom right number say nine. Wow. &gt;&gt; And I saw Sue's face. It was legit. I saw his face and I think Wow. &gt;&gt; Cuz I thought I was eliminated, but I took a couple seconds and I was like, "Oh, wait, it's a six." And I was like, "Oh my god, I was so close." That was almost a $5.1 million decision for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like I was I was pretty stressed, but then I realized it was a six, so. Wow. And as you saw, Tyler and I had a relationship since the the start of the show. I would consider one of my closest guys. And I knew you were a social threat to win this game cuz think about it, every single person here loves you.
[16:30] They they They still love you to this day. You absolutely have the capability to make it further in this game based on your social connections. I watched on Survivor 47. I watched with my own two eyes. &gt;&gt; And you saw what happened with all the people that betrayed me on 47, right? I said, "You go out for revenge." So, it was one of those like if I had burned you publicly later in the game, you were going to do whatever it takes to take me out. You are a strong like fearless woman. So, it was one of those if I had an opportunity to take you out, it benefits my game. No, I I You're a good gamer and I give you credit for that. I do want to point out cuz I didn't even know this till just now that you technically then rigged the
[17:00] game where you moved through, but not Tyler since he didn't pick up on it. Either one of them could have gone home. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I rigged the game I rigged the game with the intention of getting Tyler through, but I wasn't able to to execute a perfect game. So, moving forward, you know, like into the next episode, did you have any Did you feel like how can you be proud of yourself when you you know you rigged the game I'm I'm proud of myself because I told myself on day one of the show, "I'm going to do whatever it takes to win." I'm I'm going to play like everyone walks in this game saying,
[17:30] "I'm going to be cutthroat. I'm going to I'm going to do whatever it takes." But then you get here, you meet these people, you create incredible bonds. And that's what makes the show so interesting is those bonds and, you know, trying to work with them. And I told myself like I was willing to sacrifice some of those relationships to go further in this game. &gt;&gt; I have one question. If you guys could do what Jack did and get away with it, raise your hand if you would rig the game in the cubes if you could do it and get away with it. I mean, you two kind of did. Wow. Really? So, Some of us didn't have to.
[18:00] You're not cheating. You wouldn't rig the game if you could? Not on JC. We let you shuffle our cards. &gt;&gt; Yeah, no, I know you didn't, but you We had the choice to rig it. Maybe I don't want to say because I get called back for another season and then, you know, and so I don't know if I shot myself in the foot It's like does the game Does the game ever really stop now, you know? Like &gt;&gt; JC came back. It's You think he did? And ended up in the cube again. Yeah, and you know, and brought all that social credit with him. So, maybe some of the things he said were &gt;&gt; to say that the winner was the most
[18:30] ethical and honest player in the game. Wow. That's a statement. That is a statement. Do you guys agree with that? Yes. Do you agree with that? I I think I could the most The most ethical and and moral? I think him and Corey were, yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think him and Corey also. So, good guys can finish first. Honestly, you don't need to cheat to win. Do you Do you think he was the most honest and ethical in the words of Sue? &gt;&gt; it's it's hard I mean, if you're going to have like a a ranking system, I think
[19:00] like you said, I think Corey was very honest and ethical. I think you were. I think Corey couldn't hurt a fly, I will say. I got to I got to stand behind Hannah forever. Behind Hannah? Yeah, she turned down a million dollars. I'll also say for Corey, like he almost lost the game for himself to not go back on his word for me. So, I mean, that is wild. &gt;&gt; think there's a a reason why the two you guys would consider the most honest and ethical ended up being the top two? Do you think there's a correlation to it or it's just a coincidence?
[19:30] Well, it was a lot of voting and like Tyler got through without having to spend any money money because we all love him so &gt;&gt; Cuz he didn't burn anybody. I wouldn't say he didn't burn anybody. Well, I'm There's There's different types of burning. Who Who Who did he burn? &gt;&gt; Who did he burn? There's a moment that I want to talk about in the finale. But But But cuz I believe in in uh fresh beginnings, forgiveness. Sue, is there anything that Jack could do to gain your forgiveness or gain a new chapter in your book? I mean, I've so
[20:00] moved beyond Jack. Like there's it's there's nothing. I mean, I don't hate him. I just he's not the type of person that I would want to surround myself with. It's not the type of person I would hang with. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm willing to take that on the chin. And if I give us a second, I would I say something. Like I'm I'm I'm going to step up and I'm not going to apologize for the move, but I'm I'm going to apologize for not telling you beforehand. Cuz listen, once again, you can say I was hiding behind the NDA. That was not my intention to say it like that. You do not have to forgive me. I'm not I'm not asking for your forgiveness, but I'm I'm
[20:30] glad we got this conversation. Like I am sorry for not like make you endure that in front of your family and friends. If I was in your situation, like looking back, I I do feel terrible cuz that that I don't want people to experience that. I don't want people to experience like my actions hurting them and their and like your friends and family. So, if I could do it all over again, I would tell you beforehand. I I would still do the cube thing. But I did not want to hurt you with my actions outside the game. So, for that, I know you don't
[21:00] have to forgive me, but I just want to take the opportunity to say like I I am sorry and you have like I have learned a lesson in this from this. Yes. &gt;&gt; Seems like a good place to move on. &gt;&gt; us both back on season three. &gt;&gt; you guys. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Please bring us back on season three. &gt;&gt; going to be Are we going to be allies or we going to work together? Are you going to come back? Oh, yeah. I'm going to be your best friend. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I forgive you. I forgive She's She's going to have a third deck on top of the second deck. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; All right. Let's make it back to the &gt;&gt; Let's Let's move on. I I think there's a
[21:30] lot I appreciate you guys being so open and transparent having the conversation. I want to take you guys behind the scenes of our Beast Games reunion shoot because we set up this entire space from scratch. We flew all the way to Greenville. We got the lights, the setup, and [music] everything. And it would not have been possible without the help of today's sponsor, Linktree. Over 70 million people use Linktree including &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Mr. Beast because Linktree is more than just a link in bio tool. In fact, we use it for so much from featuring my BTS videos with Jimmy in this carousel to my free YouTube growth hack pack where you
[22:00] can get my best tools, tips, and templates to grow on YouTube just by going on my Linktree. What I love about Linktree is that they're always adding new features including [music] a new one that lets you put in a YouTube playlist that auto updates with the newest videos as you upload them on YouTube so you don't have to [music] do a thing. Plus, viewers can watch your videos right within your Linktree. That on top of the fact that you can customize your Linktree [music] to your brand within minutes, track analytics to see what's getting clicks. I mean, it's such a no-brainer to try out Linktree especially because now they're giving [music] a special deal just for our
[22:30] viewers and because you're watching this. So, check out this link below or go to this QR code. And thank you again to Linktree for sponsoring this video. Um I I actually want to talk about the $10 million coin Okay. &gt;&gt; bit. Let's play the clip when you reintroduced it. And And Jimmy, I'm curious why you brought it in earlier this season in episode four instead of the finale from last season. Inside this case, you might remember this from season one, is a coin.
[23:00] A $10 million coin to be precise. And so, JC, if you make it to the top six, I will let you flip this coin to double the prize pool [music] to $10 million. What's going on your mind? Oh, yeah. Leverage. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Tell me about the $10 million coin. Like
[23:30] how did you come up with the idea? Like every time you bring that into play, you're about to lose a ton of money potentially. Yeah. Well, one of the things I mean, I loved how it played out in season one. But one of the sad things is it's so deep in the show, not everyone knew. You know, and like so I wanted in season two to bring it in earlier so people A would know about it more while watching the show. And and B it can just kind of become more of a strategic thing. And then truthfully C, Gage hitting that in season one hurt. Like that $5 million. So, I was like I
[24:00] also want to have the opportunity to buy it off them, you know, so maybe we could have a show slightly on budget for once. Um and so just kind of put the big one is like a lot of people, you know, who watched some of the earlier episodes in season one um and maybe didn't finish it. Like they didn't even know we gave away $10 million. And so that was a big one is just having it be like more of a through story instead of just jamming it at the end. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I thought it was such an interesting dynamic. Monica, obviously that changed the game quite a bit for you when JC gave you his coin.
[24:30] Um What were you thinking when you got that? &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Was it you were like leverage in your own sense? In In the um in the cubes, uh I I you know, want to I want to ask if you remember this, but you asked Jim and I how we both actually felt about the coin. And you know, he was extremely enthusiastic and he wanted it super bad. The entire time he was asking for &gt;&gt; trying to get the coin. That was all I did in the If Jim wants something, you know, cuz he'll say it 35 I was trying to get JC to give me that coin. I wanted
[25:00] it. And you had asked me how I felt about it. And I actually put my hands up and I took a step back and I said, "I want nothing to do with it." I was not expecting JC to give me the coin. I thought it was a lot of responsibility. Um obviously you kind of have to play your cards right with the coin. Um and I think my only regret in the show actually comes from that cube right after JC gave me that coin. Um I had the option to tell the group or to keep it to myself. And I wish I kept
[25:30] it to myself, but I did not want the group to be mad at Jim and I for eliminating JC and the chance to double the money. Um but I wish I just kept my mouth I wish I I wish I kept my mouth shut. Because I said I had it in the first place. &gt;&gt; Because it's a lot hard it's it's a lot easier to hide something when people aren't looking for it. If everybody just thinks the coin is gone, then nobody's going to be looking for it. Nobody's going to be thinking about the &gt;&gt; flip side, the coin at that time, you're probably thinking if people know I have this, they're more likely to keep me in cuz you can double the prize pool. So, I
[26:00] mean, there's You didn't need anybody to keep you in. Yeah. There's smooth brain plays both ways. I mean, there's also the world where yeah, you keep it a secret. And then if you're on the chopping block, you pull it out and you're like Yeah. And then it maybe it hits a little harder then. Yeah. And I I think the coin really was like a safety blanket. You know, I obviously made the decision to come out and tell everybody we have it. Um it's not gone. And I did feel a little safer with it, but I never felt like it was this immunity idol obviously. Um but I just I never wanted it originally,
[26:30] but I'm happy that I ended up getting it. And I'm happy with the decision with the decision I made. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, that's what's interesting is you wanted it. You kept asking. And there's a separate timeline where Jim ends up with the coin. And God knows what would have happened then. You probably would have won the &gt;&gt; would have been $10 million. You probably [laughter] have $10 million right now. But would the bribe have gone to a million next? Yeah. Maybe right when we got the Saudi or something. But there was a million dollars ready to So, I mean, I will say
[27:00] in another world where I was chosen captain for the graveyards instead of Nick, I and you know, people can believe me or not, I would have taken my fair share. I would not have taken the bribe for 500k. But if I was bribed for a million dollars in the phone game, I would have taken it in front of everybody. &gt;&gt; I would have been okay with that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, that's such a big no-brainer. Monica, I want to play that moment where you decide to sell the coin because I think it's one of the boldest moves in Beast Games history, maybe even
[27:30] competition TV show history. &gt;&gt; I would like to give you this coin. You just won HALF A MILLION DOLLARS. HOW DOES THAT FEEL? The bold thing is what comes after. [music] Very surreal honestly. What feels right in this moment is to take half a million dollars and to leave whatever is left to the other three people. Whoa, wait. That's a new thing. Did I catch that right? You're You're thinking of not taking any of this 188 grand. No, it's Monica's [music] villain arc &gt;&gt; [laughter]
[28:00] &gt;&gt; Oh my god. And so I made the decision to take zero dollars &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Monica. and leave $188,534 for the three people who stood behind me. Yeah. [snorts] It's Monica's villain arc season. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I love that. Well, Jim, your face when you found out she took zero dollars.
[28:30] &gt;&gt; know how we bought that. Like I don't know how we genuinely believed that. &gt;&gt; how did you feel when you heard that? I don't know. I was like, "Hmm." Zero dollars. I don't know. It just It didn't sound right. I'm going to be honest, I wouldn't get into acting if I were you because them tears, they were not coming out. &gt;&gt; Whoa. I actually thought it was pretty convincing. &gt;&gt; You did? I thought it was pretty convincing. You seemed pretty convinced when I I did for like I was like, "Oh, shoot. Maybe she did. Maybe she did." But like short shortly like right after the court like
[29:00] kind of dispersed, I like me and Brett were talking and I'm like, "I think something's up." Um Monica, why did you lie about it? Like that was a split second decision. Like we were there. I think you made your decision about 20 minutes to take the bribe and then lie about it. &gt;&gt; Because as soon as people in this game know you have a significant amount of money, you're next on the chopping block to go home. Mhm. I don't care what anybody says, that's what it is. And I mean, I think in the phone game, August said, "You know, if you had just been honest with us about, you know, selling the coin, you would
[29:30] still be here." As a crock of crap. I would No, I think I think I think it's pretty I think it's pretty I think it's pretty accurate that if you sold it and said, "Guys, I had to sell it to make sure the people after me made money." I think that a lot of people wouldn't have had a issue with that because realistically we knew that you would keep getting bribed and if a million dollars was in front of your face, I don't think anybody would end up blaming you. But if you took 500k for the betterment of everybody else to make more money, I think that you could have saved face right there on the court and I don't think anybody would have
[30:00] been pointing any fingers at you because me and Brett were already in the hot seat. So Yeah, I definitely think if I did that you guys wouldn't have had an issue with me coming clean, but I still wouldn't have made it through in that phone game. I think if you had like 60, 70k to bribe people with at that point in the game too, I think once Tyler got through and Hannah made the move she moved like she did, I think it was it divided between people who were going to spend money and people were going to make money. So I think if you just let's just say you had 60k and you're like, "Hey guys, I'm just going to give these four people 15k." I think you could have gotten through. I spent [laughter] 33 in
[30:30] that phone game. He went up to almost six figures to [laughter] push me. Why do you Why do you think, you know, the people that you took zero dollars and allowed to get more money, like Katie, why they didn't you push her through? Or or Jim? That was one thing I was curious about. Well, I was At that time I was still thinking about how I could get through, but realizing that that probably wasn't going to happen. Brett actually came in my cube and told me that he was going to make a
[31:00] push for the next round. And then August had made a higher offer to me and then they came back later. August came in and dumped money on my floor. &gt;&gt; What's confusing though to me is because she took zero in the money split and so me, you, Hannah were all getting $20,000 more because of that move. Let's play the clip of that. I'm going to give you $23,000. August offered me 25. You know, I mean, at the end of the day I did give you, Hannah, and Jim more money and I did
[31:30] take zero dollars and I'm about to leave the game with zero dollars as well. What do you owe him? You don't owe him anything. Well, he's giving me more money. He's giving He's zeroing out. She's going to zero out too and I'll give you seven on top of that. I've already I've already taken the bribe with this I guess. [music] I'm so sorry. I feel so bad. Yeah, I would feel really bad too because Monica literally took zero dollars for you to be in this game. Oh, that does not feel good. So you know, when August or somebody wants to come and throw $25,000,
[32:00] well, Monica's already given you $20,000 before the game even started. And now we're throwing 30 Well, I gave everybody $750,000. So what about that? I don't have $750,000. What are you talking about? I'm just saying, amongst people, I let people make money. &gt;&gt; No, we were all going to get $20,000 less because of you. We got $20,000 more because of you. So like &gt;&gt; have a point. &gt;&gt; understand why we have 500k, I mean. I don't Yeah, but it doesn't change the
[32:30] gesture. I don't know why we would vote for somebody that I mean, no offense, like it's just game, you know what I mean? But like why would you vote for somebody that took money from you rather than somebody who gave you money? And that's why I felt horrible about it. Obviously I cried. Yeah. Um but then there's also, you know, I got to take money home to my family too and there's the other side of it like Brett took extra money and so it was a move for me to get some of that money back. &gt;&gt; that's the case, then why don't we try to get more money out of Brett?
[33:00] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I mean, [clears throat] he walked into the top six to compete for five million dollars with 190 in your pocket, right? 190? Three. Yeah, 193. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Brett, you're awfully quiet right now, man. I I I want to talk about the moment where I think it was what, Jimmy, three hours? That Brett took? I mean, it was a long time. He It was 20 hours it took Brett [laughter] to make a decision. That's what it felt like. We're still waiting on the decision. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um He hasn't even decided yet.
[33:30] But Brett, I want to play the moment where you made a decision because it seemed like you looked at the money and things began to change. Brett, whatever you say is final. How much money do you want? I'm going to take $250,000, Jim. I didn't hold true to my word. That was by far the hardest decision I've ever made in my life. This is life-changing money and &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I feel bad. I feel somber. I don't even want to touch it. It feels dirty to me.
[34:00] Crazy. It's a big crowd. That's cool to see. Brett, you said before it was a real test of character. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Seeing that clip back I'm just curious what was going through your mind. Oh my god, I was up there for two hours. Everything it was going through my mind, you know? When I was walking up there, I was like 100% taking $100,000. Even after Nick told me 250, I'm like, "Yeah, I'll probably take $100,000." And then I got up there, I'm like, "Oh, like
[34:30] this is not as easy as as I thought it was going to be." And honestly, like even like three seconds before the number I said the number, I didn't know what I was going to say. I was still deciding at that point. And so I I made the decision and I wanted to leave some some so Quorri could take it as well. I know he wouldn't take it all, but I wanted to give him the opportunity to take, you know, similar to what I had. Um so yeah, that's my thought. But I I could be here for two hours if you want to go through everything, but that's that was kind of the general gist of what I thought. &gt;&gt; that's what's interesting about the game is cuz they don't know what's coming next and so for all he knows he gets out
[35:00] and then he, you know, we could be watching this back and he, you know, he could be like, "Man, why didn't I take more money instead of just 100 grand?" And so that's what gets makes it interesting. Jimmy, do you ever think about like the design of the games from year to year because the money split will happen last year. Yeah. It happened this year obviously with the coffin element. Like do you ever think about like contestants predicting your next move too much? Yeah, well, it's it was a lot easier in the first season cuz no one knew what anything was. And even in the second season people were, you know, obviously
[35:30] they had no idea if we were going to bring games back or not. We're currently working on season 3 and since we're already doing casting and some people know they're going to be in it, I can't say too much, but I definitely don't want people to be able to predict what the next games are. I'm curious of how aware you guys were of all the cameras that were on you during the show, especially after the 30, 40 days cuz you guys said some stuff that I cannot believe. They caught [laughter] it on camera. Do we have any clips or no? Oh, yes, we do. &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
[36:00] no, no, no, no. All right. All right. We have a never-before-seen clip from the show. Oh. And in our BTS, I want to play this clip OF MONICA. NO. WHAT ARE YOU DOING? &gt;&gt; KNOW WHAT THIS CONVERSATION IS, JIM? YES, and I can clarify it. You want to eliminate [music] all the girls one by one. Am I hearing you correctly? You know that I will. I will do whatever it takes to get them all out of here. I'm doing all my work from the shadows.
[36:30] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Just Just to be clear. And you guys didn't back me and Graves. I didn't want to, but I would. Wait, Monica, let me just back up. Where'd you get those shots? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That was That was that was fire. Behind the scenes is on on the case. Um Wow. Monica, when you're saying that, are you aware that the cameras are on you? No, absolutely not. &gt;&gt; Okay. So that's like what's that look to What? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm just still shocked that she said
[37:00] that, to be honest with you. What Yeah, let me ask this. Katie, Hannah, Sue, like you guys obviously were with Monica for quite some time. Like hearing that, how does that make you feel? I'm I'm sort of sad because I feel like this was such a strong male-dominated season and I mean, and they're all great guys, but I felt like I like to stick Not &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay, I did it. I mean it. I'm good. I'm good now. She said guys, not kids.
[37:30] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; All of the guys are great, Sue. From here back. I'm I'm still technically a kid, so. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So So like for me, I've always been someone who fights for the underdog and I want to help women move forward and feel empowered and feel strength. And since And Monica's such a strong powerful presence that it's a to me it's a shame that she didn't really want to help the women and was just going to stick with the men. Just who she is, but it's fine, you
[38:00] know, but just it's surprising. So I I just want to say that when I got off the plane initially in Vegas, I saw you, John, and you know, we did a little interview and I believe I told you that I my goal was to send everybody home one by one. Whether it was a man, whether it was a woman, I wanted to send everybody home one by one. In that clip, you know, I didn't want to get rid of girls, but I would if that's what it meant at the end of the day. Well, what's interesting is the guys seemed to team up really well
[38:30] as opposed to to the women. And so And I think that ended up helping you guys a lot because you, you know, they were the women were forming alliance, but they weren't and they kind of were and they were constantly backstabbing each other. And for the most part, you know, until like maybe the last episode, the [clears throat] guys were like pretty rock solid and and I actually think that helped them quite a bit. It's so interesting. What What do you you guys think about Yeah, I mean, I think what you don't see is that there's a lot more interconnected relationships Yeah. than
[39:00] you actually see on the show. So I think it's not as clear-cut as you see. For example, like for me, I feel like actually seeing that clip, I'm not at all emotionally offended. I'm more just strategically surprised because I think you would have had I think there was this mega Avengers alliance going on and I think it would have been prudent for the rest of us &gt;&gt; what they called themselves. Yes. Prudent for us all to team up against them. And since that was not really the strategic situation going on, me and Katie decided to join them instead as
[39:30] sort of like a separate little mini thing. Like me, Katie, Nick, and August had a very very loose sort of side deal thing going on. And so If we knew about that You said you did know or didn't? We did not know about that. &gt;&gt; no we did. We did not know about that. And obviously that doesn't get us that doesn't help us that final 10 cuz we're like more at the outer shell of that but that helps save us for the heart smashing. Like I felt completely safe completely throwing the last smart challenge so that Nick could win cuz I
[40:00] felt completely safe with both of them. I just can't get over the fact like I know Monica you said like that was a moment that you didn't know you're on camera. I just don't tell me understand why you would turn to the camera and say it's your villain arc season or or this moment if we could play it from episode six she just wants to be a villain where you admitted to lying like to the camera like like nobody prompted you. When she's up in the air? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Jim and I had a very genuine and honest conversation without cameras and
[40:30] everything and then when the cameras got in front of him it felt like to me like it went out the window. You're saying Jim when the camera's on is different? Yeah. That if if she can save Jim I will save Tyler. You know I've stood by everything I've said here. I'm going to keep doing it. I'm lying. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I GOT YOU. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; WHY TAKE THAT MOMENT to admit you're lying? Fascinating.
[41:00] Uh Honestly I was joshing with Carl up there. He was like making me laugh and like he's like how much longer you got? I'm just like ah you know maybe like a half an hour. &gt;&gt; It's iconic. And I I I tell Briley you know cuz I went into this knowing that I was not going to stick with um Briley and Katie specifically. And um you know I had told her hey you know I'm I'm going to keep you safe and I think I
[41:30] turned one way or the other and I'm just telling Carl like I'm lying and like that that's how it came out. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh that was a lie to Carl. &gt;&gt; It was. It was iconic I will say it's you delivered a lot of lines a lot of moments a lot of you guys here did that's why you're here. Jim I'm curious about that line from Briley where she said she had more genuine conversation with you off camera than on camera. How many of you guys felt that Jim was more genuine off camera than on camera? I mean when you're in the middle of like a challenge and Mr. Beast is screaming 5 billion like yeah
[42:00] I'm freaking out I'm excited there's I'm the eighth person in a money split and there's a there's 188k like that's exciting that's really good like I'm not going to shy away from enjoying the moment of being a part of this experience like I don't even think I ever said thank you thank you. No worries. For everything [laughter] you know I guess like it could be taken like I'm playing up my reactions. I'm really not I'm just living in the moment. I was genuinely living my dreams. I was genuinely having the best time. &gt;&gt; say I thought you were hysterical from
[42:30] start to finish. &gt;&gt; the best time ever like it was the most amazing thing. What I say with Jim too is sometimes like he'll just say what everyone's thinking but no one will and to say it so it's always nice. I mean like dude I've been watching Beast videos so long man. I've been watching these videos forever dude. So like to finally be in like the biggest project to be in Beast Games and to make it as far as I did wow. How did your relationship start? There we go.
[43:00] So yeah we can clear this up right here. &gt;&gt; The internet thinks it's fake. You guys only knew each other for two hours. &gt;&gt; I know wait it was two weeks two hours. &gt;&gt; There was said it was two hours. We were in the we were in that Vegas hotel for a lot longer than we expected and we got to know each other in that meantime. We met after dinner after the coin flip dinner. We met after that dinner. Do you want to explain the story you're more elegant than me? &gt;&gt; We'll we'll just give you a really clear timeline. We did not know each other before the show. We met on I think day
[43:30] two in Vegas. We were coming back from the dinner where all 200 contestants were invited. I told him his flannel was on inside out. He turns around he gives me a really cheesy smile and it was at that moment where it was just over for me. Yeah. We start talking &gt;&gt; said I guess it is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We start talking That was the line that wowed you. I I nailed that line I nailed that. I'm telling you I nailed that. I remember knowing that. I [laughter] said I'm writing that one down. I was cooking with that one. Yeah so we start talking over the next couple days and then it was only until or it
[44:00] was only after episode two where we had gone our separate ways in the challenge. We had come back and I believe that was two weeks into filming where we had then made it official. Um so it wasn't two days it wasn't two hours it was two weeks and in in B City two weeks feels like two months. &gt;&gt; Yeah for real. It really does. You have no phones you're just you and me hanging out in the city no distractions no jobs or work or anything like that. So when
[44:30] you have that much time to spend with someone things can move pretty quick and I honestly don't feel like two weeks is a ridiculous time to make it official with someone. That's not a It is a ridiculous time to make it official and get married. Okay to get married So let's play a clip um of when not only you got married but your parents came to B City and you guys introduced yourselves as husband and wife. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; At common law at common law at common law. Jim's like yeah we got married and the
[45:00] parents were like uh I was like well I mean they did. Married. Yeah we're married. For real? Yeah we did a little we did a marriage thing. If she loves James I love her. Wow. Like this is the storyline so many people have been following I'm like what are the parents going to think? I love it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That face. I love it. So I think that marriage was that was when everybody was at Fiji so maybe three or four weeks something like that.
[45:30] &gt;&gt; Okay. And Jack you ordained that wedding? &gt;&gt; I sure did. I ordained myself as a minister when I turned 18 because you know as every teenager when they turn 18 they look up what can you do when you turn 18. The first three things were skydive buy a lottery ticket and get ordained as a minister. And once I got those two done the only logical step is do get ordained as a minister. &gt;&gt; were ready before Beast Games Oh I was ready. That was like my that was like my fourth wedding at this point. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so if you divorce her do you get half her 500 grand? &gt;&gt; Ooh. I don't know how it works. I I know it's technically I know it's technically
[46:00] a common law marriage. So it's technically a common If she won the 5 million dollars and you divorced her would you have gotten half? &gt;&gt; It was this like the long game Jim? Um We'll have to wait and find out. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No. No no no. But I mean [laughter] Yo what is this? Why are you all choked up? What's happening? You're waiting a long time to answer Jim. That was not that was not the that was not the game plan. That was not the game plan. That was that was very convincing. &gt;&gt; It's obviously not the No it's so
[46:30] ridiculous as well. &gt;&gt; they they sign agreements that say they can't split the money but maybe that's the loophole is you get married and then divorce and then &gt;&gt; There was no it was I mean maybe that's their insurance [laughter] plan. Honestly we were just having fun. Like we were just having fun. It wasn't like I didn't think like people on the internet were looking at it like what is this like is this some kind of like we're just having fun like people were bored in this city we were looking for something to do. Just having fun getting down on one knee you know.
[47:00] &gt;&gt; it was like bringing in a ordained minister to &gt;&gt; Oh yeah I'll say up to that point that was A real honorable ordained minister. I I have my ordained minister like I have it framed in my backpack right here. [laughter] Chad do you want me to go get my ordained minister badge? We'll we'll we'll we'll show the we believe you. The wedding was a public display of affection and I think we just wanted to be the first ones to do it to get married in the city. It was a good time. &gt;&gt; wasn't even our first you just wanted to do be the first in the city not to It was fun like it was
[47:30] it was fun. It was cute and it was fun. We don't have like a legal marriage certificate but like You should you should double check that. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Cuz I signed a couple things. Did you ever expect a a couple to get married when No. Um I mean I wasn't even there. I till I saw the footage I was like oh they're just joking. I mean we have a Lego ring and a piece of string like we're we're obviously like like he's walking it back? I feel like he's ripping up the
[48:00] marriage. He's really walking it back here. What do you think? Are you think I'm walking it back? I will [snorts] say we did not sign a pre-nup we did not sign a marriage license. Okay. &gt;&gt; So you had an ordained minister vows and a ceremony of of marriage. &gt;&gt; Look he he's the lawyer. &gt;&gt; That's common law marriage. That's common law. If we hold ourselves out as I think we're technically married in six states. I mean we do share an apartment now so &gt;&gt; Oh you guys live together? So get give us a life update. Are your parents Are
[48:30] you guys still together? Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Is it fake? No. But the guy on Reddit said it is. That's what they always say. You know that Jim. So the Beast Games subreddit is pretty active and has a lot of thoughts about you guys. &gt;&gt; It's 10 times more active than season one which is pretty crazy. &gt;&gt; It's wild. Shout out to shout out to the subreddit. Here's one of the most upvoted posts in the past 24 hours since the finale. If we could pull up this &gt;&gt; I know what this ONE IS. OH. OH I POSTED THAT.
[49:00] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; WHAT? THOUSANDS. &gt;&gt; Was that you Jack? Yep. Most satisfying shot of the entire show is on track to be the most upvoted post from the subreddit. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. &gt;&gt; And it's the moment August got eliminated. &gt;&gt; to go downvote it. I own the subreddit [laughter] I own the subreddit every day to go and just see what people are saying and August got a lot more flak that I thought he was going to get in the past week. It's been it's been crazy. &gt;&gt; Let's play that moment to give context about what happened cuz that was probably one of the biggest betrayals of
[49:30] the show and at the last minute. Tyler you got to keep kicking. Kick for Hannah we're all kicking for Hannah. Go for Hannah, please. Is this the one, Tyler? Is this the kill [music] shot? I don't know why that had to happen that way. I mean, we went through the whole game together. Okay.
[50:00] That was the last thing I was expecting. I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; It's on your queue. Love you, man. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Drop him. John, what? All right. That was intense. &gt;&gt; You love this. Come on. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You love this, Jimmy. Tyler, you you
[50:30] you're you're the big winner here, but you've been awfully quiet. We heard you as a nice guy, and all but that was a pretty um bold move there to go against your buddy, August. Like, what was going through your mind there? I just want to stay I was flabbergasted that that happened. &gt;&gt; I was like Oh my gosh. I I would have bet a million dollars that he was going to kick at Hannah, and then when he I was so caught off guard. Like, I &gt;&gt; Tell us all about it. I'm sure &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, there's there's a lot of things going through my head at that time. Um obviously, seeing Hannah cry wasn't easy cuz we're all going for
[51:00] So, I wanted to be a good role model model for my boys. So, I wanted to switch it up. And additionally, what was going through my mind is at this point in the game, I couldn't trust him. Because &gt;&gt; Wow. Wow. he was quick to throw Nick under the bus after the money split with what he said, and then the crap he was talking on him. So, my thought process was if he's quick to do this to Nick, his number one guy, then what is he willing to do to me moving forward? And that was a risk I wasn't willing to
[51:30] take. I guess I feel like the whole Nick thing um like he's talking about after money poll. Um Hold on. Let let's give context. After the money poll, you mean the moment you peer peer pressured Nick? Yeah, yeah. I know you're talking you're talking about when he was like, "Should you tell him or should I?" Yeah. Let's play the Let's play the clip of that. We actually have that from episode eight, money poll. I know there's a lot you want to talk about. Remember, you don't have to say how much money you did or didn't take.
[52:00] That's up to you to disclose. Have fun. Yo, who took all the money in? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Reasonable question. You want to say it or you want me to say it? I'll say it. I'll own up to it. I did in fact take 250k. You want to say it or should I say it? Just to clarify, Tyler, was that the
[52:30] moment that your perception of August started to change as being loyal? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, there's there's other moments like he would say one thing and then say another thing to other people, and all of us up here were familiar with all that stuff. Um and then just leading up to that moment, and then at the library, someone was talking trash about Nick, and he didn't stand up for him. So, I'm just all this stuff is running through my head. Um and then, you know, seeing Hannah
[53:00] cry, like I'm trying to be a good role model for my kids. And then with, you know, knowing the stuff that he did to Nick, not being able to trust him, it was just a strategic move at that point. That was a very long night, and like I shouldn't have opened my mouth with like certain things I said, like peer pressuring Nick. Like, that wasn't my which obviously, that's how it was like received from everybody else. My intention wasn't to like throw Nick under the bus or like crap on Nick. It was just like me outwardly processing things, which isn't like probably a good strategic move. I was just like talking
[53:30] through it. And again, I felt like he had like Again, there's a there's a line I say in the library in the show where I'm like, "I feel like Nick and uh Brett just cooked themselves 150k extra. I don't get why they would do that." Um and so If you could go back in time, would you have said they cooked themselves 150k extra, but I still support him? Would you play the game more? How would I Yeah, maybe I should have played the game more, and maybe I should have shut up about it. But like, we made up from that. And again, like the whole entire phone game, like the whole reason why I tried to use the coin was to help Nick. And like But when you did that, you said
[54:00] you used it to push you through first, and then Nick second. So, how are you going to help him get through? Yeah, that's right. I knew that he needed assist cuz I knew he wasn't going to spend his money. And so, I was like, "Okay, if he can get Jimmy and Monica's guaranteed votes, that would help cuz there are other people that want to vote him through." And so like Nick and I like we we had those things. In the conversation you're referring to, um Jim, you actually came up to me in the hotel, and you said, "Dude, we got to get rid of Nick and Brett, man." And I said, "Yeah, Jim, I'm down." cuz I thought it'd be like a strategic play. So, the first thing I did went went to Nick and told him that. And again, that's probably not strategic on my end, but I wanted him to know that happened.
[54:30] I was like, "Just you know, like Jim said this, and I said this that way he doesn't know the real stuff like good." &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I told you guys I said if I got a ball, like, you know where it's going. Yeah, no. So, I I I just thought that was like I guess I shouldn't have told him, but I was just trying to like just so you know, I told Brett. Yeah, but it was taken as if So, if someone came up to you and said, "I'm going after Monica." you're going to side in with them and be like, "Yeah, let's get Monica." So, that's why it was taken for like Well, why would I tell you that if I was going to I was never going to go against you. And you know I was never going to. I said things I shouldn't have. That's that. I said, "Yeah, I'm going to get
[55:00] Monica." I think where it was hard for me is I was unaware that you felt that way. And so I felt like here's my best friend left in the game. And then just like that happening out of nowhere, and like just like you're just knowingly like sending me home with like nothing in that moment. And I just was so like like I had just no clue that was like it was just like it was tough. Like Yeah, I mean, it wasn't a easy decision for me, man. But, you know, I I did give clues to like my concerns with how you were back and
[55:30] forth with things cuz you know, we would always you would always joke with like whenever I would say it to you, like, you am I good? Cuz I'd always ask you, am I good? &gt;&gt; He would ask me stuff like that. Like, before the before the smart challenge the memory game, I was like, "I'm going to go next. I got your neck." He was like, "Dude, you got me, right, bro?" And I'm like, "Dude, what are you talking We met in We've been friends since the beginning." I'm like But it's just like some of the back and forth stuff, man. Like Oh. you would say one thing and then do the other. And like, a lot of people have saw that and realized that that's Yeah, like it was it was just tough to
[56:00] know that. And then the stuff you did to him to move forward. Like, when he turned a million dollars down for me, dude, like in our team, I was like dude, you're my ride or die. I Yeah, I mean, I felt the same way. It was just that one thing. I'm going to do what I can to move you forward. And when he took the 250, I did not care at all. I even told him when he was came &gt;&gt; him. I I when when he came around the graves talking to us, I was like, "Do whatever you want, man. You deserve it." I was so I was so happy for him. I was so happy for him. But at the same time, it was like like you you just threw him
[56:30] under the bus, man. I didn't understand that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Obviously, I just like I said, just outwardly processing. Like, I strategically, I should have just shut up and gone to bed cuz I was there's a lot going through my head. But I was just being myself and processing, which again, I mean, we've talked about it. Like, I'm sorry for throwing under the bus the bus. That wasn't my intention, but I mean, obviously, it freaking didn't work out for me. So. Yeah. And well, what's interesting is alliances tend to do really well in getting people far. But at the end of the day, there's only one winner. And so at a certain point, the alliances do have to come to an end. And so that's also what's uh no? No, I don't think so.
[57:00] I mean, if you look at Brett and Corey, they played all the way to the end. I don't think alliances need to I don't I think it's just like statistically improbable that they have to like fall apart. Cuz let's just say Jack doesn't go out there, and the three of us move on to the top four. &gt;&gt; we What do we do in a scenario with us four, and there's like Yeah. That's That's That's just not going to happen that there's going to be us four. It could, but like realistically, the the the craziest thing that could possibly happen is three of the four of us being top three. Yeah, but what do we do in a scenario What do we do in a scenario with us four, and we're in the final four challenge? What do we do? I That's
[57:30] just not like That That's a scenario that would never happen. Could have happened. You like listen, I I'm all for alliances, right? &gt;&gt; There's literally nobody else left. We We talked about the entire season. We wanted to get to the end, and then it was kind of just every man for himself. We We always said We always said that. Yeah, I was saying But in this situation, obviously, it wasn't like that. I mean, there were two of us out of five. Uh one of the critics said, "In each episode, you think you know what is happening, but the twist keep coming. Episode nine of Beast Games may go down as one of the best episodes in reality TV history." Wow. I like that critic. That's a good critic.
[58:00] Well, and as &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; the ones who lived a lot of these twists and turns I want to ask you guys about that moment, Nick. You know what I'm going to ask about. Yeah. At the end of episode nine, the phone is ringing, and you're speaking to Jimmy. You're about to make a decision to send somebody to the next round to be a final six. Let's play the clip of that. &gt;&gt; Brett gave you $30,000, and in return, you promised to vote for
[58:30] him. I'll take 30 grand. But you also promised your vote to Monica after she sent you $33,000. Please don't screw me over this time. I got you. And you've taken money from Monica. Monica, how much money did you give Nick to try to bribe his vote to get into the next round? $33,000. &gt;&gt; $33,000. Brett, how much money did you give Nick to try to bribe his vote to get into the next round? $30,000. $30,000. Wow. And what decision did you make? Again, another heavy heavy decision like
[59:00] the whole season was. Um I went with Brett, clearly. Um It was I mean, yeah, it's it's it's crazy. I I had a lot of money on the table, and both people gifted me money and all that stuff. My my relationship with Brett was clearly a lot closer. And knowing that Monica had 500k in her back pocket, it only seemed right just because there was dishonesty dishonest stuff. And I'm getting ridiculed by people that already have money, but telling me um I'm the one that's greedy. So, like,
[59:30] that played a big part into everything, but yeah, Brett it's no secret that Brett and Corey, like, we we all had an alliance for sure, but Brett and Corey were very much a part of that and um I love this dude and uh I just I it was it was a heavy decision, but I wanted to do what was right in my mind and that was be for the boys like I was this entire season. I was for my friends and no one could ever take that away from me. Every decision I made in the games was for the benefit of me and my friends
[60:00] and uh it all came down to that moment. So, yeah. Love you, brother. Love you, bro. Well, I will say that Nick and I did not have that lengthy history that he had with a lot of the guys, but after the strong and smart challenge and you know, I mean, I had helped Nick win that pattern game and I just I felt like we were closer. &gt;&gt; You did. You were the reason he got to the end. &gt;&gt; I felt like we were closer than I think we actually were. Mhm. &gt;&gt; We I agree that we had um after the strong and smart challenge, me and
[60:30] Monica had a bond um because the two of us had to live something in the games that nobody else. It's It's not easy to look three people in the eye and I mean, let's let's face facts. We're not getting a Lamborghini here like like Akira and and stuff like that. Like, we have to look them in the eye and say, "You're going home because we said so." Yeah. And uh it wasn't easy to do that. So, I know that we leaned on each other a lot for that and we did we did have a bond for that. This is This is the thing about Beast Games. You got to build these connections all the way through through the games and this is no hate to
[61:00] Jim and Monica doing their thing, but I feel like because they were so about their relationship, they didn't really branch out to form the strongest bonds with all of us the way that I had with Brett, Corey, Tyler, Jack, August and and so many other people, too. Like, I I would like what uh Hannah was saying earlier, like, Hannah and Katie, we got pretty close through the island. Um but uh it's this is Beast Games. You You got to form these connections. You got to be able to whatever. So, I could look back and say, "Yeah, Monica really did help me out with that last chunk of the smart challenge." But, it's just the bond that
[61:30] I got with this guy right here was a bit stronger and that's why I did what I did. Yeah. And that Yo, if you look at that game, like, I didn't even try to make a push because I knew that. I knew I had spent the whole time with Monica. My relationship was with Monica. I I just rode with her the whole time, you know? And so, I didn't really take time to get to know Brett on like a super deep level or like me, Katie and like even Katie and Hannah, some of my other like closest allies.
[62:00] Y'all, [laughter] okay? Like, like, we weren't like we didn't get like super close, you know what I mean? To where like we were like best friends kind of thing. So, I don't think we had um these deep kind of bonds and connections that you need to make it through the phone game. I think social capital is what we were lacking, not money. &gt;&gt; Fascinating. I find this very interesting. So, if you could talk to people who are going to compete in season 3, it sounds like some advice you'd give them is build a really deep connections
[62:30] Be friends with everybody. I would say I would say build real connections because all the phony stuff's going to get sorted out. If you're a friend to everyone, you're not a friend to me. I feel like a lot of people A lot of people will see if you're trying to be that guy where you're friends with everybody and telling everybody what they want to hear. You're That's all going to get caught. You got to form real friendships. You got to surround yourself with like-minded individuals with the same common goals. &gt;&gt; saying it's better to be really, really close with theoretically five people as opposed to kind of close with 20. Yeah, it's it's no coincidence that
[63:00] floor two, the Avengers, made it as far as they did because we had that bond. We all were playing to win. We wanted to make it to the end and um that's that's no coincidence. You You need that in Beast Games. On the flip side, I I I know I asked all of you guys uh earlier like, "Who did not deserve the money that they took home?" And you guys had very pointed answers. Brett, Nick, we've unpacked that. But, on the flip side, all of you said one person who should have taken home more money and that was Corey. And Corey can't be here, but I
[63:30] found this Reddit post that is also one of the most upvoted in the subreddit. Um and I just thought it was really moving. I thought I'd read uh a part of it. Um this Reddit post said, "Some people don't win the prize, but they win something far bigger. Respect, character and the kind of legacy their kids will be proud of. Corey, I genuinely feel bad seeing you walk away with just $17,000. I truly believe this is not your peak. There's far more greatness ahead of you." Wow. I wish he could be here.
[64:00] Yeah. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Corey, I know you're at work and you tried everything to be here and uh yeah, I just wanted to share that on on behalf of all the people that are rooting for him. &gt;&gt; I wish if he was here, I'd ask him, does he regret not taking the million dollars? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, especially with three kids. I mean, is there anything we didn't hit that you guys want to talk about? I don't know. I just again want to thank Hannah so much for turning down a million dollars for me. And I feel so bad that you left with nothing, but &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Fortunately, I regret none of it. I cared about winning and not not the money at all. &gt;&gt; Like, if I could come in and just sign a
[64:30] contract and say, "I'll make it to the end and won't win anything." I would cuz that's what &gt;&gt; That's right. Hannah plays uh Survivor on her free time and like Yep. Love of the game. Do you Do you the 16 block pattern that got you out, do you know it by memory now? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No. No, but I've I replayed it many, many times. Yeah. That was the thing. Do you Do you wish you attempted it, pressed the button and you went to attempt it? Yes. No, absolutely, of course. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um And if she if she attempted it, would
[65:00] the three of you would you have helped her in any way? Yeah, I I told her I would have helped. I think I was gone regardless. Oh, really? I think Brett It was between the two of you. &gt;&gt; You weren't You weren't taking Corey out or Tyler. &gt;&gt; I was definitely not uh it was it was impossible though because I felt really thankful to all three of you for helping me get that far. So, I guess because you were shooting me in the Yes. Yes. Knowing Corey, the guy he is, he 100% would have helped. Yeah, like I I just I think I didn't know what the dynamics were. So, I didn't truly know if you you were saying like, "I'll help you." Are you going to help me? Are you just going to tell me nonsense and I'm going to get
[65:30] myself eliminated? &gt;&gt; I thought I thought I would have helped. I mean, he helped you in the previous game. No, they definitely would have. It was the first one. Like, who It was whoever hit it was like got to get it. &gt;&gt; Don't tell me Don't tell me that. Just tell How does that [laughter] make you feel knowing that they they would have helped? &gt;&gt; It makes me feel worse. So, Yeah. But, thank you. Um I wanted to bring this home with the moment that you won $5 million. Um do do you have the money in your bank account now? I do. Yeah, I checked earlier. Really? Can I pull it up? Can I
[66:00] Can I see it? Uh my phone is over there. Yeah. Well, I think we have a video of of it when uh I think we have a the video. Oh [laughter] my god. So, Oh my god. as we Yes, we we obviously we don't pay winners until the episodes air. We waited until Tyler showed up here today to send him the $5 million. I made sure Sinaan over here had his reaction. So, you want to hit play, this is when the $5 million hit his bank account. Is it there? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's there.
[66:30] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's so crazy. Let's see it. You feel me? Yeah. That's so crazy. Oh my gosh. Wow. That's so wild. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Tyler, wow. So, [laughter] I I Yeah, congrats. [applause] You have the five milli. When When um how many days ago was it that you were standing on the money after you won? Was it like three, four months ago?
[67:00] Five. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like I think it was like eight months. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Yeah, eight months ago you won. You were standing on the giant pile of $5 million. I told you that was yours, but you know, to incentivize people not to leak things, we wait till after the show airs to pay them. And so, that eight-month period, you won $5 million, but you didn't have it. What was that like? Do you Do you sometimes go, "Oh, am I going to get it?" or Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like I I was just thinking the whole time like, "Is this real? Like, is it is it legit? Like, when's it going to happen?" And then uh yeah, it was hard
[67:30] to adjust for the next month and a half after filming. Yeah. Uh but then once I adjusted back to my normal schedule, I kind of forgot about it. But, once things started ramping up again, that's when I was like, "Man, when's it going to happen?" Like, I I can't wait. I can't wait to, you know, surprise my wife, show her and my kids and yeah, like, it was it was surreal. Like, it was &gt;&gt; it was a hard eight months to to wait, you know? &gt;&gt; Did you ever have a moment where you're like, "Am I not going to get $5 million? Is this fake?" There was there was a couple moments when I was just like thinking like,
[68:00] "Is it going to happen?" Like, I I don't know if it's Is this real? But, [laughter] you know, just looking back at season 1, like, I you know, Jeff obviously got paid out. Like, I I don't have any distrust in you. I I knew you would you would do it. You're a man of your word and stuff. So, &gt;&gt; Ooh, thank goodness. Yeah, no, you're you're awesome, man. You're awesome. Yeah, imagine what What would you have done different reality? Imagine I just block you. Everyone on my team just blocks [laughter] you. Or just like, "Yeah, that never happened." What's funny is like, the day that the the finale aired, yeah, I was
[68:30] constantly checking my bank account just to make sure I gave you guys the correct info. I was worried I fat-fingered a number cuz I didn't see it in there that day. So, I was like, I was like freaking out. I was like, "Man, did I fat-finger a number? Like, what if it went to a different account? Like, will I ever get it?" So, &gt;&gt; Corey never gave you his He actually sent it to Tyler Conklin. Director [laughter] of all shots. Wrong Tyler. &gt;&gt; There's too many Tylers, right? Jimmy, any thoughts looking ahead season 3 or even just this playground you've created
[69:00] from your bedroom, you know, counting to 100,000, um burying yourself alive to now burying 10 contestants alive, like, the the way you just pushed so many things to create this world in a second season. It's just incredible. Where Where's your mind going in the future and are there any things you learned, reflections, like I remember after season 1 you told me there's so many things you could do better Yeah. during the finale. Well, it's interesting because like you we just talked about we filmed this eight months ago. I've seen every episode so
[69:30] many dozens of times in the edit. By the time they drop, like sometimes I'll quote things they say before they say it cuz I already know cuz I've watched it so much and I've sat there in the editing room and I'm like, "Eh, you should make that longer or shorter." and stuff like that. So, but in general, I've said this a bazillion times even with you. I think season 1 people loved. It was just a little too luck based and people didn't know the contestants as much. I think we definitely fixed that in season 2 and I think that's partially why you see the subreddit way more active and way more talking about the people as opposed to the games, which is
[70:00] very nice. Um and I think in season 3 I now that we got rid of the luck, I do think in some of the games it maybe made them slightly more boring and it might not have been as good as they could be. So, I want to keep the character development and now just figure out how we Like that first game in season 1 where we're dropping the trapdoors, that was crazy. And I would like a a couple more big spectacle sets like that that we bring back and figure out how we can, you know, incorporate the storytelling stuff that we really figured out with the characters in season or contestants, I shouldn't say characters, in season 2
[70:30] but with, you know, some of the bigger sets we had in season 1 and just kind of mix Really, I think we have all the puzzle pieces there. Now it's just taking the things that worked really well in season 1 and then taking the things that we tried and worked really exceptionally well in season 2 and merging them together for season 3 is kind of how I see it. I don't know if you have any closing thoughts. You guys have any thoughts to share, but I I appreciate you guys for being so open. This felt like a therapy session as much as a reunion. And I know we went to a lot of places, but you guys gave us a lot in this season. So, I appreciate
[71:00] [music] you guys. Any final thoughts? Jimmy, you feel like you're itching to say something. Yeah, I just wanted to say thank you again. I feel like uh I went on this challenge and we did this whole thing and you gave me all this money and I never even [music] got to say thank you and I that bothered me. That bothered me for like a I appreciate I know you're all grateful and I'm grateful for you guys coming out and uh people really love the show and so thank you guys. You guys all crushed it. Congrats, guys. [music] Yeah. Congrats. Yeah.
[71:30] If you like this video, you're going to love the next episode of our original docu-series 45 Days with Mr. Beast, which are the extended cuts of my behind-the-scenes with Jimmy from his YouTube shoots to Beast Games and everything in between. So, I want to show you a first look at the trailer for our next episode. &gt;&gt; After so many of you guys commented about loving the last one that we posted. So, subscribe and ring the notification bell so you don't miss it.
[72:00] All right, here we go. There are tons of moments when I was younger [music] where I would cry. Everyone tells me it's not realistic. At the end of the day, I just loved it. But I love making videos. I love entertaining people. All four or five people watched it back then. We're 99,000 subscribers off of 400 million. Okay, we're going to see if the highest jumper in the world can jump higher than a tiger. World record. CAN HE DO IT? YOU'RE LEVITATING. We're on set of one of Jimmy's most expensive videos. He's giving [music]
[72:30] away this private jet that's worth over $2 million. &gt;&gt; If he goes another 100 days, I'll give him half a million dollars. No. &gt;&gt; Are you doing another 100 days or do you want to go hang out with your family? My schedule is literally planned down to the minute. &gt;&gt; Jimmy is already sprinting to his next video. We're in a thumbnail shoot. We're spending hours getting everything set up. &gt;&gt; How much money do you think all the gear here is? It's definitely north of 5 million. How many cameras have you used on a shoot? &gt;&gt; at about 350 individual cameras. Mr.
[73:00] Beast, welcome to Survivor. Welcome to Beast Games. Jeff has been doing Survivor as long [music] as I've been alive. &gt;&gt; They've taken this genre and just steroided This is how I think Jimmy sees me. No, I see a little more bent over. Yeah. Do you [music] ever think you'd die when you were doing your YouTube videos? &gt;&gt; There's 20,000 pounds of dirt on me and if the coffin broke, I was dead.