# 45 Days with MrBeast
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6EzHtWgtCs
Date: 2026-03-24

[00:00] How much money have I given away over my career? $10,000. $70,000. $456,000. Somewhere over $100 million. Very few people know what a day of my life is like. No one knows what 45 days are like. How we doing, Jimmy? Nap time. John, it's 5:00 a.m. And we're still not done filming? Good night. What you're about to see is 45 days of my life. This is going to be one of our most videos. Something can go wrong, it will go We're in a really bad spot.
[00:30] YouTube shoots. [music] Better be a banger. &gt;&gt; Beast Games. You ever get emotionally attached to contestants like that would hurt. &gt;&gt; My personal life, some of the lowest points in my life, some of the highest points in my life on display like never before. Do you still enjoy doing this? Depends on the day. I might be filming in five separate states tomorrow. Guys, pray for me. [music] If you like the BTS of my channel, these are the extended cuts. Here we go. &gt;&gt; I'm the director. &gt;&gt; of the executive producer. Showrunner. I'm and Jimmy, we're both about 8 years old. &gt;&gt; We had [music] one leak. &gt;&gt; This massive building is a sound stage
[01:00] for the Beast Games. We had someone sneak into our set. [music] &gt;&gt; John hits the hardest questions. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so no one else will. That's why I told him to hang around. Which of the news articles about you hurt the most? &gt;&gt; Oh boy. Season one was [music] tens of millions of dollars over budget. Yeah. Whoops. We have an imminent bad weather situation. And it was the biggest storm in decades. &gt;&gt; It was pouring and lightning. Seconds away from dumping over a couple of million dollars worth of gear. Oh my gosh, and all that water [music] could drain. &gt;&gt; Jimmy pause. Jimmy pause. All power in control room went down. We didn't know
[01:30] if that footage was gone. We got a problem. I never give this kind of access. I'm a little scared. Welcome to week one. &gt;&gt; [sighs and gasps] &gt;&gt; Let's do this. Do you remember what you told me right after Beast Games season one ended? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; If he guesses correctly, he will win $10 million. Are you
[02:00] actually going to want to lock in number six, or do you want to keep investigating? I'm locking it in. Did you read her like a book? Oh my gosh, this is going to be crazy. What? What? &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; How did he know? What? What are the odds? Oh my gosh, such a good moment. Oh my god. No, what? So good. You just won $10 million. You're the first WINNER OF BEAST
[02:30] $10 MILLION. HOW DO YOU TOP THIS? I MEAN, THIS IS GREAT, but yeah. There are plenty of ways to top this. Crazier than this. Oh, yeah. No doubt about it. Way better. This is great. As you can see, $10 million and all these world records. At that moment, I was obviously thinking the sets could have been better, the you know, we were also tens of millions of dollars over budget at that moment. So, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I was also thinking, yeah, maybe we don't burn a small fortune while filming this. I pulled reviews from some of the
[03:00] harshest critics &gt;&gt; of season one. &gt;&gt; Okay. A demonstration of how money alone can't buy a truly entertaining television. I mean, at the end of the day, like I love season one. Now, I don't I agree though, it's not perfect, but to act like it's terrible is just absurd. You know what I mean? To a big mess of chaotic shaky camera angles and awkward interviews with some CGI sparkles added on top in a desperate attempt to impress us. Can you read the Rotten Tomatoes reviews? The audience score is 88%. Critics score 20%. I think at the end of
[03:30] the day, this was our first attempt. But you got to remember, we've we've only filmed YouTube videos. &gt;&gt; of this fuel you for season two? Like do you want to prove them wrong? &gt;&gt; it will hurt a little more in season two because I've said this before, I I thought season one would be like the perfect competition show ever. It's bigger, larger prizes, more contestants, world records. But I think season two is going to be what I thought season one would be. So, I think I think it would hurt a little more if I got blatantly mean comments like this on season two. I think season
[04:00] two could make a run for an Emmy. Yeah, that's funny. So, you're making a short where you're running away. &gt;&gt; Progressively more and more money. It's ironic because most people going into a show this ginormous, I mean, the biggest unscripted show ever, budget-wise, set-wise, probably would have taken a couple weeks off, mentally prepared for it. And I'm having non-stop Olympic-level sprinting, burning myself to the max going into it.
[04:30] NOBODY'S DOING GREAT. TWO, ONE. ALL RIGHT, I'M GOING TO PITCH IT. SO, WE have 100 smart people, and then there's a reveal. How epic? The whole thing's moving. Walls are climbing up a &gt;&gt; That's the craziest idea I think I've heard all day. That look at that's good. Leading up to Beast Games, I was filming a multi-million dollar video where we had a person trapped in a private jet.
[05:00] If he stayed in [music] it, he kept it. Then I shot for a different video where we had two people trapped in a prison for 100 days. Jimmy, what's the shoot today? We're at the gym that Steph just built. &gt;&gt; Can I introduce you to somebody? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Trying to draw too much attention. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; I see Mr. Beast right there. Yeah. Jimmy's about to do the halftime show at the All-Star game. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Obviously, since I run a chocolate
[05:30] company, I'm always trying other different chocolate [music] products. I want to see what's out there in the market. Jimmy is checking out his Feastables display. There are so many people lined up here. They're giving away these limited edition Feastable bars. They're literally shutting down the streets of London. Police escort. All these crowds are coming The only time that people get police escorted is for the Prime Minister. Beast, he's crazy. We were doing a video where we were comparing a $1 bunker to the most
[06:00] expensive bunker in the world. I was in Kansas for that, flew back to Greenville, work out. We had bounty dogs try to find army forces in a junkyard, and whoever they found last got money. I might be filming in five separate states tomorrow. Guys, pray for me. I need to finish this before Beast Games. Basically, I had to wrap filming a ton of main channel videos because once Beast Games started, I had to disappear for 45 days. We're going to SEE IF THE FASTEST ANIMAL ON EARTH CAN BEAT THE fastest car on Earth. Get back in. Cheetahs are so fast.
[06:30] That's close. Maybe like a second difference. I almost had it. How we doing, Jimmy? Nap time. John, you want to [music] see my bed? It was horrible. I wasn't sleeping that much. I was just grinding away. Good night. Yeah. Whoops. This is insane. While I was on my way to Vegas, the team had already been spending months building an entire set in a freaking desert. &gt;&gt; The giant spectacle that's on camera
[07:00] needs a giant spectacle behind camera to keep it all going. Thousand plus people moving around, 20 different power generators, trailers, offices, round-the-clock [music] catering in a mess hall that could seat a thousand people. We have as much gear, if not a little bit more than the Olympics uses. I've produced a lot of different shows. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; America's Got Talent, Wipeout, Lip Sync Battle. Beast Games doesn't compare to any traditional [music] kind of TV shows. So, here's what we're up against right
[07:30] now. When you look in there, it looks really scary cuz it looks like it's going to be like two weeks before we're ready. I'm trying to push people as quickly as possible. Klister is one of the few people that matches my freakish energy of getting into the details, caring about every little thing. I think a good chunk of his role is just going around and finding the fires and fixing them. Feel the pressure of every part of this show being successful on my shoulders. We had one leak. Somebody wrote a thing in Vegas [music] about like, "Hey, Beast Games is shooting in this big building."
[08:00] &gt;&gt; We too know though that this massive building is a sound [music] stage for the Beast Games. We can't put up a sign that says, "Mr. Beast Production" cuz everybody at the airport is going to look at that go, "Oh, Mr. Beast." So, we were like, "Hey, summer camp." Right now, we're at the airport. The first contestants [music] are about to arrive for summer camp, which is the code name for Beast Games. And that [music] code, and what it turned into was kind of special. I'm excited to be at summer camp. You're going to win it all? I feel like I'm going to be a
[08:30] killer. &gt;&gt; I'm going on the show to win the money, donate my liver right afterwards to my best friend who has cancer. &gt;&gt; I've been practicing by doing 6-ft lache jumps, press handstands, handstand push-ups, dead hangs. Got to look at my son. 18 months old, steady. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I'm doing this for me. And already you're going to feel like this is what I would expect in a Mr. Beast video. [music] So, you're already subconsciously getting your contestants in the mindset. Get ready now. One of you in this room will win $5 million.
[09:00] [music] We have hundreds of thousands of people who want to be here. We chose the best 200. [music] 200 contestants. From the moment they arrived at the airport today, that is their first steps into the competition. You are the show. [music] We are undertaking the biggest show that will be shot in 2025. The things we do are unlike anything [music] that has ever been done before. We're still doing a lot of building in there right now. We're dealing with fires every day, but
[09:30] that's what we do. We're problem solvers. We're making the world's biggest competition, and we just happen to be filming it. It's time to introduce the theme of Beast Games two, strong versus smart. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [applause] &gt;&gt; We put them through the car wash, which is [music] like, you know, getting fitted for an outfit, taking pictures, giving their hero shots, getting pre-interviews with [music] them. We're going to also take away their cell phone. Our goal this season was through the casting process to find people with
[10:00] superlatives. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; We had some of the smartest contestants in the world. There was the human calculator, [music] someone that memorized like what was it? A thousand digits of pi. &gt;&gt; 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679 And we had these like giant mammoth people, huge muscles, strongest of the strong. &gt;&gt; Get the ambulance ready. You got to Come on. I'm a professional wrestler, so I just go around [snorts] the country beating dudes up. &gt;&gt; Five-time world's strongest man. We had
[10:30] American Ninja Warrior. &gt;&gt; a freaking strong team over here that's trying to challenge me to a push-up contest. Okay. Oh, okay. All right. We're going to show these strong people we CAN DO A PUSH-UP, TOO. &gt;&gt; I WANT you to channel all that childhood trauma. They might know how to count, but we know how to count BY 45S, RIGHT? &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; WE REALLY did our best to basically give Jimmy the opportunity to go up and go, "Who are you?" And they go, "I am a rocket scientist." And then we go, "Wow,
[11:00] I immediately now could resonate at minimum with who you are as a person." By the way, that's like 101. That's how behind we were in season 1. Tyler in one word? Creative genius. I get two words, I don't care. He started off as a janitor cleaning for like eight bucks an hour. After [music] working with him for a summer, I was like, "You should drop out of college and come work here full-time. You're pretty creative." And Tyler was like, "You know what? Screw it." And I ended up dropping out, so I just put him on my hip for five, six years and just taught him everything I knew. And after a
[11:30] while, he just became like a second me. We're about to go to dinner with all the contestants. We could spend over $500,000 tonight just to get them in the mindset of what Beast [music] Games is. So, it's going to be a little bit of fun tonight. The welcome dinner, it had a spark to [music] it. It's a bunch of people who for the last days, weeks, months have been fantasizing about what it would be like to be at Beast Games. Now we got all the contestants here in this restaurant. How's it going?
[12:00] How are you guys doing? Excited? &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Jimmy has generously given all of you a gift of $1,000. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Now that you all know you have a $1,000, if over 100 of you say yes, we'll flip a coin and do double or nothing. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Raise your hand IF YOU WANT US TO FLIP THE COIN. &gt;&gt; [cheering]
[12:30] &gt;&gt; FOR DOUBLE OR NOTHING. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; OH. UNFORTUNATELY, you have lost out on the $1,000 gift that Jimmy &gt;&gt; ANYWAYS. HOW DO YOU FEEL?
[13:00] &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; I HAD BREAKFAST WITH JIMMY. A little nerve-racking because his question to me was, "I need you to [music] tell me why Beast Games cost so much." &gt;&gt; I'm so one's going to be a banger. We give away tens of millions of dollars in pricing that no [music] one else does. But on top of that, every set that we build and use once, a traditional TV show would use for an entire series, 10 episodes. We use it for one episode,
[13:30] sometimes half an episode. Still needs a lot of work. We had a mandate from Beast, "You guys need to be on budget this season. End of story." &gt;&gt; Last year, we were massively over budget. This year, we're trying to be on budget, [music] but I can't lose money this time. I can't. So, we took that very seriously. [music] How did you do that? I'm a wizard. Well, that's obviously what we pay Miller for. And so, that's where I've noticed you kind of your brain has to be in a certain zone. So, if you're in production mindset, you're not going to be as creative as possible. When I'm on set, I need to be in
[14:00] creative mode. I need to be thinking about how do I [music] maximize the content? &gt;&gt; I don't think a lot of the overages we did on season 1 necessarily equated to better [music] content. So, this season, I mean, we're spending millions more on screen. I mean, we have a camera that cost half a million dollars that Marvel uses. That gives me a little heart [music] palpitation early on because I know everybody falls in love with these ideas and then it's like we got to [music] start dialing it back to stay within budget.
[14:30] Holy cow, dude. Yeah. Holy. When you think of a desert in Vegas, you don't think about rainstorm. What the heck? You know what [laughter] I mean? This was a wild weather day. &gt;&gt; We had record rainfall more at It started by rain, thunder, even hail.
[15:00] They they were calling it like a freak storm of the half century and we got an alert, we all sheltered in place. That doesn't happen and it happened. We're already a day behind and we're on day one. All right, I'm going to be on set in like 15 minutes. [music] Like this is all happening in real time. &gt;&gt; More storms moving through the valley today. This one dropping heavy rain and dime-sized hail. First thing on my mind is I need [music] to get in a good headspace before I get there. Cuz I don't want people to see that I'm nervous.
[15:30] Rain came in. Rain was pouring really hard. It actually broke through our set. &gt;&gt; Everything was pristine last night. Now, not so much. Like the thunderstorm definitely came through here and it's eating up everyone's time. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And the tent is like breaking. There's stuff flying off from over there. And it looks pretty bad. What are the chances we don't film tonight? Chances we don't film? Uh, everything Just saw that lightning. 80% we're not going to film, 20% we have a shot of filming. If we are here for
[16:00] another day, how many hundreds of thousands of dollars will that cost? This could trigger a few hundred thousand all the way [music] to potentially a million or two dollars. &gt;&gt; The storm really messed up a lot of the circuitry, a lot of the electronics, and caused a lot of delays that pushed things into the last minute. And every day we were delayed, I think it was like a million dollars in pushed plane fees cuz we were charting so many [music] planes to move equipment. It's like half a million dollar in crew fees. It's all this stuff. So, we're on such a crazy tight timeline. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that storm was was pretty brutal.
[16:30] That's where the morale gets low cuz then you have a thousand people that are working on the set. And like, am I actually working for something that's just going to get tanked? It woke us up. For a moment, I thought we wouldn't have an episode one. We're running out of time. Yep. I don't want to be in a rush situation. Rule number one, something can go wrong, it will go wrong. You just got to roll with it. It happens. It thundered, safety said we couldn't have people in the metal building for five hours. Ruined all our plans, uh, but here we are. We're just starting a little later. It's 1:00 p.m. A.M. A.M. It's 1:00 a.m. 1:00 a.m. What
[17:00] did I say? P.M. Oh, I don't know. I'm tired. I feel like I'm walking into like a football arena. Is there anything that could go wrong? Like it seems you guys have &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; What do you mean, yeah? There's a million things. Like we right now we have two hours [music] and 10 minutes to film a game that's projected to take five hours. We are in a really bad spot. The challenge is about to begin, guys. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Hundreds of millions of people might
[17:30] watch you. Be yourself. You can't take things back when it's being recorded by a thousand cameras. Be smart. IS THAT COOL? &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; HEY, SEAN. I I'M I'M GETTING TO THE POINT WHERE I just don't care about anything other than starting. Can you get on the mic, Klitz, and say we're rolling in like two minutes? Everyone in their places now on the deck. Everybody get in their places now on the deck. We are rolling in two minutes. Six months of preparation, 1,100
[18:00] crew members to pull this off. All right, in 3 2 1 go. Once again, I AM STANDING ON $5 MILLION of real cash and competing for the $5 million and 100 of the strongest people on the planet. Going to the city one way or another. I don't care what it takes. Alongside 100 of the smartest people on
[18:30] the planet. You were confident when we met you at the airport. Now you're nervous. It's a little bit more real now. &gt;&gt; Welcome to season 2 OF BEAST GAMES. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; SEND US UP. LET'S HAVE some fun. Notice how the floor is getting further and further away. You're the head of camera, right? The DP for the series game. What are you looking for in a shot this important? We're looking to cover reactions when the set raises. We're going to bring the stage up 40 ft. It'll blow these people
[19:00] flying. OH. How many cameras do we have here rolling? 5 408. &gt;&gt; We have all our main cameras here and then our GoPros. Once we get really good one-liners, [music] then we're going to go right into game plays. Oh my gosh. You know what's really easy to do? Congratulations, you 50 just made it to the next round. Let's go back and talk about what you were thinking about right before the challenge. Most shows will do that. They'll sit just like this and they'll
[19:30] go, "Man, you know, when I was in the middle of that challenge, man, this is [music] what I was thinking." We don't do that. We do, "Hey, Jimmy just announced the rules. What are you thinking?" [music] If this is it, tell my wife I love her. I fear one thing, that's God. Amen. All you have to do is climb down the rope, grab the blocks, come back up, and put them in the order I tell you. I don't want to let it down, wait. You could be eliminated right now. What's going on in your head? You got to pull the weight up to get the queue.
[20:00] This is as real as it [music] gets, to be able to talk about what you're feeling in the moment about a challenge that's coming up, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; potentially for $5 million being thrown out the window if you lose. That's real. Two, one, go. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; They're off, they're going. ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE IS NOW CLIMBING DOWN THEIR TRAPDOOR. Let's see who the first 50 to come up are. People have finished, WE HAVE A FINISHER, ONE WINNER. I THINK HE MIGHT BE THE FIRST one up. No, you have to go.
[20:30] Oh, wait, number two. Oh, you're the second. Wow, there's actually a lot of people struggling to get it. Oh, great shot. Come on, use your legs. There's nine more spots, $5 million. Dig deep. They've been deep down there for like 15 minutes. I don't know how he's still hanging on. The strong game had 100 contestants, and we needed 50 people to make it through. You couldn't have less, [music] couldn't
[21:00] have more. Oh, she's slipping. I'm sorry. 41 are through. Wow, we're not going to get there. Who would have thought that despite having 100 of these giant mammoth people, huge muscles, strongest of the strong, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; that over half of them didn't even complete it, which blows my mind. We ran so many tests. We had people that were very strong try
[21:30] it, people that [music] were weak, heavy, light, and day of, adrenaline hit, sweaty hands, you know, it's [music] unscripted. I needed 50 human beings to make it back up with their blocks, [music] and 42 made it up. The last 50 aren't going to make it, does that mean you're going to give more to the smart team or No, I said we've got a tiebreaker for real. All right, so we're about to go to a tiebreaker for real. Everybody in push-up positions. And so our backup plan was doing a push-up contest because it was a [music] very simple way to showcase strength. So everyone you see
[22:00] here are people that either didn't go or fell down. We're starting off with the women to get us to 25 women, then we're doing the guys to get us to 25 guys. &gt;&gt; Down. Up. Down. Up. You worried that this may not be the most interesting content? Like this isn't the most visual after going from that to That's they'll never make the show. Oh, really? It's kind of confusing. And if they wanted to see the deep dive, watch the BTS video, you know. If you're in push-up position, welcome to Beast
[22:30] City. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Congratulations. How does someone this large win? LET'S GO. CAN I be honest? A lot of what you just watched almost didn't make the final cut of this video as we edited it, and that's not because of the footage, but because the music almost wasn't right. Like watch this. &gt;&gt; If you're in push-up position, welcome to Beast City. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Congratulations. It's the same edit, same story, but completely different feeling. And that's
[23:00] all because of the music, and that's why I love using today's sponsor, Epidemic Sound. I've been using them for years now to find the best music and sound effects dating all the way back to when I still worked at YouTube and was [music] making videos as a side hustle. And that's because Epidemic Sound has over 50,000 premium tracks made by real artists and over 200,000 sound effects like this one used throughout a lot of our videos, all restriction free, so I don't have to worry about copyright. It also allows me to search by mood to fit a scene, and you could use their adapt tool to easily shape tracks [music] to fit your content. It's one of the most
[23:30] creator first AI tools because it elevates my creativity and gives back to the artists who made [music] the music. So click the link in the description to try Epidemic Sound and get the highest quality music and sound effects. [music] See why so many creators love it, no matter what kind of videos you're making. All right, back to the video. Contestants, come on in. Let's play the next [cheering] game. We got to smack people. She has the same IQ as Albert Einstein. I'm going to stack a random assortment of blocks into a tower. And once I knock it over,
[24:00] you'll have 60 seconds to recreate that tower using the blocks on your platform. Our first block is yellow, and our final block is green. Have fun. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Reveal the results. Your tower was still standing when the timer hit zero. Okay, well, like we do with every single game on this show, we have a ton of people in the control room, lawyers, fact-check all the eliminations to make sure they're accurate. &gt;&gt; This is the verification process. We
[24:30] have our producers, they've all got an individual iPad. That iPad displays a photo that was taken off their block stack at the moment the clock hit zero. I don't think people realize how many millions of dollars we spend to ensure these games are fair and how high of a rigorous standard these games is held to. I mean, we have independent third parties, lawyers, everyone reviewing games, compliance. We will be doing this over and over again, adding more and more blocks until 50 of you are eliminated. &gt;&gt; Four blocks, they got them all right.
[25:00] Six blocks, they got them all right. And then Jimmy was like, "This is too easy." And I'm like, "Yeah, no one's out. This is too easy." Four blocks, FOUR BLOCKS. WE'RE CUTTING THE TIME IN HALF and adding FOUR EXTRA BLOCKS. HAVE FUN. OH, IT'S POPULATING with a lot of red squares. Hey, maybe over 50 people got up. I don't know why we did it. That eliminated more people than we needed.
[25:30] Like it was a disaster. So 18 got it right. What do you want to do? Obviously, we have compliance. It's like telling us exactly how to navigate something like this. So now they sit crisscross in the middle of the floor, confused a little bit, and then we then play a handful of other rounds to try to get it down. &gt;&gt; Last round. Obviously, I got a little carried away. So this time, I'm going to give you guys 60 seconds to do 10 blocks instead of 30. Number 13, RED. AND THE FINAL BLOCK, BLUE.
[26:00] THREE, TWO, ONE. This could be the final round. Let's see how they're doing. One of the primary roles that I have on the show is to manage the budget and the time. The time that we do everything. When we were doing the blocks game, I'm living in that moment right now, like sweating bullets, like, "Guys, we've spent twice what we were budgeted to today, and we're still going, and we're still going." It's why we're taking an
[26:30] incredibly long time to review every single one. How much longer do you think we'll go tonight? I don't know what's going on. Look outside, like it is like 6:00 a.m. The sun is like coming out, and that means that the set is going to start to look different because sunlight is seeping through. They're sending construction workers to like patch up the holes in the set. All right, the results are in. AND YOU 50 ARE MOVING ON TO THE CITY. CONGRATULATIONS.
[27:00] WELCOME TO THE TOP 100 of Beast Games. I JUST LOVE &gt;&gt; [cheering] [screaming] &gt;&gt; I DEFINITELY MADE MYSELF PROUD. [music] AND I HOPE I MADE everybody else proud, too, like my parents. Um like it was just such a surreal moment cuz when I came up, I heard Jimmy running around, and he was like, "Oh, I
[27:30] think this is the first one, this is the first one." And I finally look around, and I realize there's nobody else, and he was talking about me. So the the confidence is revived, and um &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I don't know, I'm I'm ready to destroy some other contestants, to be honest. Thank you. Tyler, what's about to happen right now? Bro, they're about to walk in the city for the first time. Let's just put the
[28:00] strongest in the front, [music] smartest next to them. Okay. Welcome to the city. It's the world's largest Beast Games. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; This is insane. I am so blessed and grateful to be here, and I'm so happy I applied. This is literally a once-in-a-lifetime [music] opportunity.
[28:30] Jimmy, did you ever think growing up in Greenville that you'd be able to build your own city here? No, to be honest. I have a town inside the town now. You know how crazy that is? I mean, during the day, you'll see we brought in a ton of trailers, offices, [music] catering, our own water supply, and a new control room to basically build one of the largest base camps ever for TV production. I'm here with Steven, who's one of the designers of Beast City. How many months did it take to build all of this? &gt;&gt; Just under 2 months of construction, starting with grounds [music] work and
[29:00] then concrete. Last year, the jump up was like a doom city, and this year, they wanted [music] more of a futuristic utopia. So we've got video game references, we've got sci-fi movie references. So we only had 4 weeks to get all of the designs roughly [music] together. They continued to evolve a little bit after we built, but we we had to be budgeted, concept designed, [music] and then it was shovels in the ground. How did you stretch your dollar even further, like to make it look like this with less money? There were there were a few things that helped us out. The towers last season were astronomically expensive. They were
[29:30] incredibly tall. We had to be able to put 40 people on each level simultaneously. All of those things sort of snowballed the cost of that. Steven Lienhart is a great example of somebody who just cares about everything that we do. And I I him the basics. It's going to be strong and smart. We want a strong area, smart area. I just remember going, "Man, it would be really [music] cool if we had a 24-hour Starbucks." I'm talking to Stephen. [music] Can you just have the ability to build little hut? He goes, "Yeah."
[30:00] Great. Awesome. Thank you. I'm going to get I'm going to get working on this. This is So, it allowed us to now go to Starbucks and go, "You have to do a 24-hour Starbucks because it's going to be something that everybody talks about." &gt;&gt; city is about to get upgraded with a Starbucks. Logistically speaking, [music] we should have a runner every single morning before everybody wakes up, go to a local Starbucks, pick up all the product, bring it on over. You know, you can have sandwiches, you can have this. You know, you have like a guard and you have them having like a name tag like, "Hello, [music] my name is guard."
[30:30] Like, that could be really funny. Bro, the content's going to be sick. Yeah, because episode five you can ask for anything. &gt;&gt; Can I put an order from a Starbucks? Uh absolutely. What would you like? Can I do a brown sugar cold brew? Absolutely. You just won free Starbucks for life. Dude, my wife's going to be so happy. She's going to go there every day. I think we should do this [music] thing up, man. This is supposed to be the greatest time of the contestants' lives. Like, they're they should, when they leave here, miss it. They should be like, "My god, I wish I could live in that city forever." Like, that's our goal here to create you
[31:00] know, a utopia where they can strategize, don't have to worry about anything, and it's just about gameplay. 3 2 1 &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; OPEN THE DOOR. YOU'RE MY FAVORITE. YOU'RE MY FAVORITE. We are about to play the most insane game you have ever seen in your life. I'll see you guys there. &gt;&gt; [music]
[31:30] &gt;&gt; One of the things me and Jimmy kept talking about is if we want to one-up season 1, it's not going to be through spectacle events like we typically would say. It's not rent a bigger stadium. Like, that that's what everyone kind of I think was [music] expecting. Something big could be something that didn't seem as extravagant or expensive. It's just something bringing back people that people cared about. &gt;&gt; You can't just snap your fingers and make 100 million people, or however many people end up watching season 2, instantly care about people. So, the best way to do it without rushing it and
[32:00] give it time to breathe was just to bring back the people they already knew from season 1. And they are in place all blindfolded in a room? Yep. All right, I'm coming over. WHAT WINNER OF BEAST GAMES? WHAT? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; 10 million dollars Our whole idea for bringing back the 10 contestants from season 1 was from the
[32:30] criticisms, [music] which is kind of funny. Like, they said that we couldn't tell stories, we couldn't build characters. And what better way to do it in season [music] 2 than bring back the people that we've already fully built? Take your blindfolds off. See who you're around. The Habibi on episode 10 was as good as a family. It was so good. Everyone cares about Tiyoana. Everyone
[33:00] cares about Jeff. People want to see what happens with the Habibi brother. What better way to do it than bring those people back? Y'all got a phone call from myself that [music] said, "Would you like to potentially, maybe be part of season 2?" You guys really were the heart of our show for season 1. Like, there's no guarantees. The only guarantee we have at this point is that you will be walking out with a potential to enter in to season 2 of Beast Games.
[33:30] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; CONTESTANTS, COME ON IN. THIS IS CRAZY. WHAT'S GOING ON? &gt;&gt; a mental asylum. What is this? Jimmy's going to go, "All right, some of you might have hoped that maybe there was a bribe. We haven't bribed anybody yet." &gt;&gt; BEFORE WE ELIMINATED HALF OF YOU, I HAVE AN OFFER. GUARDS, COME ON IN. WE'LL WE'LL HAVE 10 guards. They're going to come out with a million dollars, 100,000 [music] each.
[34:00] Any one of these players can step forward, eliminate themselves from [music] the game, and take a hundred thousand dollars. And that's it. They're out of the game. And then Jimmy [music] says one more thing. &gt;&gt; TO RECEIVE THIS $100,000 BRIBE, YOU DON'T HAVE TO eliminate your friend, not your best friend. All you have to do is eliminate yourself. And the catch is, if they step forward, they have the option to take any one of your hundred thousand dollars. If they take [music] yours, then you will be entered into Beast
[34:30] Games season 2. GUARDS, TAKE OFF YOUR MASKS. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [music] &gt;&gt; of the most notorious contestants from season 1. And if you take their bribe, they will take your spot in the game. I know somebody's bringing back Dino.
[35:00] Oh my god, he's the coin flipper. We need him. I'd love for all of us to get in and see what we can do with these with this new this new batch of folks. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [applause] &gt;&gt; You just WON $100,000. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; NOW, YOU'LL HAVE TO DECIDE which one of these 10 you want to swap with. I think Dino, you deserve a new spot. DINO IS OFFICIALLY BACK [cheering] IN BEAST GAMES.
[35:30] Let's bring back the winner. OH MY GOSH. JC ALREADY WON 10 million dollars. JC, make sure you leave some money for the rest of the people. JC, that was good. Star that. I think a lot of people had a lot of preconceived notions about everybody. Everybody saw JC steal 600 grand from everybody. So, it's going to be fun to watch just the dynamic of him in all these situations. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I knew you would take it. It's $100,000. Officially gave away a million dollars in this one. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, I'm going to buy a house.
[36:00] I'm going to have a down payment for a house. This is the most incredible blessing. People don't know this, but we had someone sneak into our set. Like, literally, I I didn't know. &gt;&gt; Anyone here interested in $100,000? Interesting. There's definitely Eric in there, but I'm going to act like I don't see him. Oh, buddy. Oh, buddy. The contestants ratted you out. That wasn't supposed to happen till
[36:30] later in the show. Why is this money moving? Oh, no. Oh. Sorry. Sorry. I was trying to step on your thigh. Totally by accident. Which one of these guys ratted me out? Okay. [cheering] All right, the [applause] walk of shame. This is so bad. This is so bad. Shout out to whoever pointed him out. Not shout out. Not shout out. Shout out to that guy. As another way to market the show, Sinan had the genius idea of letting Eric hide on set. Eric is like getting in the
[37:00] money right now as part of a video he's making for his YouTube channel, which will get millions of views like his other sneaking videos. [laughter] You weren't supposed to see this. I'm just going to hang out here as long as possible. Hope to god that nobody notices. He also hid in the earlier part of episode 1. I didn't find him. He hid as a guard. Oh my god, I RECOGNIZE THAT PERSON. HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN HERE? WHO GAVE HIM THIS? YOU LOOK CRAZY, RIGHT?
[37:30] How long did it take you to get into this outfit? Oh, you're only looking at like, what, 6 hours? This is Sinan's brainchild. It has been a month of prep for the for the for a singular moment. It's like Adam and Eve after getting his first paycheck. Okay. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I will do anything to take home the win. I will do anything. You think this is crazy? You wait until episode 3, bro. &gt;&gt; You're coming back for one more? Oh, I'm coming back again and again. I can't hold up until I come back with a victory, brother. This is the best
[38:00] subplot to this show I've ever seen. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; We're going to give you the option of choosing between a ball game, playing a balance game, playing a game of bluff, or playing a game with blocks. We will not be telling you anything else about these four games. I wanted to show such a different [music] looking set. An environment that you've probably not seen before. And so, immediately your eyes go, "I must be watching something
[38:30] new. I'm interested. I want to see what episode 2 is." We did a video where I did like 24 hours in solitary confinement, [music] and it was like this white room, and I really liked the vibe of that set. And it helps you really focus on what you want people to focus on. Lots of strong are waiting to see who goes where. So, like, smart in, and strong are staying [music] back. &gt;&gt; One is going to do bluff. WHAT ARE YOU CHOOSING? These people are literally the only reason that there's a TV show. You know what [laughter] I mean? Like, they're just leaving notes constantly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. She just wrote a note telling them
[39:00] that one of them doesn't think that the picture [music] is actually represent what the mini game is. And then an editor later will potentially use that if it makes sense. If they need they're like, "Ah, we want somebody to question what the game's even are." Now, they can look at that note up, find that, and then be able to implement that clip. Interesting that Jeff's already got a little posse that he's trying to swing. &gt;&gt; Hording around the previous winner like he's some god. Blocks is getting bigger and bigger. 3 2 1 MAKE YOUR DECISION.
[39:30] &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT, ALL THE CONTESTANTS PICK THEIR [music] GAME, and then we'll start soon. Russ, am I good to go? Can I have Jimmy go? All right, Jimmy, you're good. It's time for the first game. The 18 of you are going to be playing dodgeball until nine of you remain. &gt;&gt; Here's how this works. You do not throw the ball until the lights go red. The lights will be red for 10 seconds. In that 10 second window, you must throw
[40:00] your ball. Round one is underway. &gt;&gt; Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Let's think [music] about this, guys. COME ON. OH! TAKE A LOOK at this. All of these people are all monitoring multiple angles, multiple people. Everybody goes through all of the footage here. It looked like he was getting hit in the head when he like twisted around in other angle, but when we looked above, you can see the ball go right past him. You're two. You're &gt;&gt; Balls collide in midair. &gt;&gt; So, Yvan
[40:30] and Eddie are out. He stepped on it. HE STEPPED ON THE LINE. Anybody get hit? &gt;&gt; When he No, we have no hits yet. &gt;&gt; God, that is so [music] confusing. I want you to get out playing dodgeball. Not because you stepped on a red line. We have one real out and three That's what I'm saying. I know. It's [music] pissing me off. We want to see people get hit with the ball. Yeah. You know? This next one is going to screw them up. We're going to have three lives. Three lives. You're the first to hear it. You guys control the red lines. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so we get a little note from the
[41:00] producers. They tell us what they want to set, and then we hit the buttons. Oh, she's alone. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Fire. Oh, Akira. Oh! They've only seen two spokes or three spokes. We have four spokes. We have five spokes. Ready and Fred. OH! OH MY GOSH! THEY GOT TWO OUT. THAT'S GAME. DUDE, there's a moment where we thought you got out and my heart sank. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll see you in the city, man. You keep
[41:30] surviving, man. &gt;&gt; Oh. And I will stay surviving till the end. At least top 10. You guys all picked bluff. That means you guys shouldn't have a problem lying to each [music] other. That's what this entire game is about. Open the door. I need to go back to the city. I don't want to hurt anyone in this room. If I don't make it out of this room, and she makes it back, it's going to be really ugly for whoever
[42:00] eliminates me in this room. Okay, 49 is aligned with 50, 55, and 173. Can you call out the numbers again? 49 is with 50, 55, 173. Trying to get [music] 162 in against Kareem 406. It wasn't just the season one contestants that we brought back. We brought back player number 49, Lewiston. He was the husband of the girl that the Habibi brothers bullied in the cubes. Kareem and his brother has them gaslit my wife on national television to get her out.
[42:30] You guys. I told you I'd do it. Me and my brother are secretly talking to each other the entire time. And basically, she doesn't know about Woah. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; We didn't even know if the Habibi brother was going to even be in the show, but our goal is to give opportunities for content. &gt;&gt; say whatever you want, but you did what you did. Be careful. They'll make you the villain. That was an opportunity that in theory could have fizzled out. He could have just been player 49. No one would even would have
[43:00] even known. But instead, that storyline happened. He happened to want to get revenge. We didn't tell him to do that. He happened to want to, and they both ended up duking it out on episode two. &gt;&gt; You're blue. Yeah, you're blue. Three seconds left. Jesse, you're yellow. Jesse. Time is up. Turn around, BLUE TEAM. OH! OH, KAREEM, now I feel sorry for him. No, you do not. I'm sorry, Kareem. You have red on the back of your head. You have been eliminated.
[43:30] &gt;&gt; And everyone's going to look at it and go, "Wow, that's crazy." Some might even say it's rigged. But at the end of the day, the truth is is we provide a lot of cool opportunities through casting to get sick outcomes. Kareem is in that room right now. And that was just one of the most cutthroat things I've ever seen. I was excited for him to have like a new beginning, show people that he's more than who he was in season one. He just cut it short. What's up? Not much, man. How you feeling, man? Like what's your immediate reaction? I'm
[44:00] Egyptian. You know, we're we're immigrants. You know, I've faced adversity my entire life, and it's not something that I'm not used to, but it's never been adversity of character, and I think that's kind of where that kind of hits me a little bit harder. Cuz that's just not who I am, you know? And that's very important to me. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; It sucked for the last year to always be in a position of adversity, always start from a negative, and try to show people that I'm competing for a game.
[44:30] &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? I'm doing what I can. I'm kind of sad that that's the way it was ended, and it ended a little sooner than I would have wanted it to, but These custom-made break-away hearts that will all be on these scales with these custom rocks to counterbalance these. And even with all the care in the world, this stuff is so fragile, it's very easy to lose one, and um they just go. These are glass, so be very careful. &gt;&gt; This is the best [music] balance game ever put on TV. Yeah, it's going to be good. This might be my favorite game in the show. They're very, very [music]
[45:00] sensitive to like the slightest touch. We lose like probably 50 to 60% of these things. Not only do they have very few of these hearts with these rubies inside, but if it breaks, that causes like a 45-minute [music] cleanup, and that causes overtime. Three, two, one. Hold the pin. Make sure you hold it up. Oh my god. Out of all of the games, this is the one I'm most nervous about.
[45:30] The way I looked at it was like, [music] what is a game that is completely balanced for both strong and smart people? A strong person can lift up a heart and curl it and go, "I know what 20 lb feels like when I curl." A smart person may not [music] do it that way. They may do something else. So, you get to see the contrast of how their brains operate. &gt;&gt; What round is that? 22. Moment of truth. When you're ready, PULL THAT PIN. OH! OH MY GOD.
[46:00] JUST PICKING UP THE red rubies from last round. Hey, anything else? [music] IT'S TIME FOR THE FINAL GAME. The fourth game of [music] the episode is going to be a block game. We're actually going to be going back to the city to play a 50 times bigger version of blocks. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; It's going to be freaking crazy. They
[46:30] all think those flags are coming down. They're not. They're going to have to climb 50 ft in the air. So, you have to build this this thing, climb up it, grab the flag, and the first team to grab the flag moves on. It's about to be game time. Make sure you get good shots. Welcome to the game. Do you think honestly this game favors the strong? No, this game, I tell you without a doubt, favors communication. Cuz you only need one really athletic person climbing this thing on either side, and that's it. Like you as long as you each have one, which they both have one, and then as long as the runners are decent, you're just going to alternate
[47:00] blocks. So, we set up test after test for the big block game in episode two. We tested that 10, 12, 15 times. We're putting ourselves in real time of what's going to happen. Every block has a purpose. If you put the block down like this instead of like this, it could mean that your tower falls, or could mean that you're not high enough to grab the flag. All the potential options of things that could happen, somebody might say this, you know, and he's like, "It'd be great if as [music] they're building it, it tips over."
[47:30] We're [cheering] like literally pitching and writing a game by pretending of every scenario. Five, six scenarios of what could actually happen. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. We have been playing this game so long that the shine is really starting to come off. At this point, IT'S WHICH ONE OF THE TWO MEN WANTS TO WIN? WHO WANTS TO BE THE MOST FIRST? AT THE END, HOW COOL would it be
[48:00] if two people were really close, and one person jumped AND MISSED IT? &gt;&gt; JOHNNY, &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; HE'S GOING FOR IT. HE'S GOING FOR IT. THAT HAPPENED. Seven hours later. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. That was a nail-biter. Intro to episode three. You just saw it. It's really good.
[48:30] And with that, the second game is over. How we doing, boss? &gt;&gt; opus. This is it. This is it. This is it. Bro, this is this is happening. I will live in this city for days. What are you going to do to make sure the contestants don't rat you out? Cuz last time, Jimmy didn't find you. A contestant pointed you out. &gt;&gt; ever read The Art of War? No. Can you see this? We're at war, John. I don't know what little video you're filming here. This
[49:00] is a battlefield, okay? It's me versus Jimmy on a one-v-one right now. Why wouldn't I read The Art of War? How prepped do I look this time, huh? Go ahead. Go ahead and make fun of this prep. See? I have a pee bottle here because I'm assuming I might be in there for days. Okay. You're inside the bush. Jimmy and the contestants are literally right over there. So, 50 people left. We told them all to split up into groups of five. So, they picked their teams. There's some
[49:30] cutthroat [music] and backstabbing, so I'll cast them. And we told them that half of them about to be eliminated. That's all they know. Between us, it's going to be freaking crazy. Yeah, like this next game is wild. How are you feeling about your team? I feel really good. I feel really bad. I feel really good. I feel really bad about this team, bro. I don't know. Why do you feel bad? Because you don't think we have the strength? I don't think we I think we could [music] have used a little bit more muscle instead of JC. Let's go, bro. Lock it in with us. I got you. I got you. I got you. I swear to god, JC, if you cook me. Basically, [music] it's a game where you have to jump on
[50:00] these like teeter-totters and progress through the course. There's a lot of strategy in it, you know. I'm excited to see the smart people. Maybe like grab strong and kind of pull them in a direction. Hey, listen, you can go super fast, but if you fall, our whole game is over. So, slow and steady might win the race. So, episode 1, we got punched in the face with the giant storm. We got through it. Episode 2 went pretty smooth. We kind of felt like we were in a little bit of a rhythm just for episode 3 to get punched directly in the face [music] by mother nature again.
[50:30] We have an imminent bad weather situation coming, [music] so we need to roll cameras immediately and start this. How much time do we have? We have like a small window. We probably have less than 10 minutes. It rained harder that night than I have seen in a very long time. This thunderstorm literally just sat on us. Nonstop, [music] insane. Roads flooded. The whole city is flooded. The thing is, rain we can [music] film it. When we film main channel videos, it's raining all the time. But I can't remember the last time it thundered in a main channel video.
[51:00] Like that literally never happens. Man, this becomes really difficult. In about 30 minutes, it will be unsafe to do anything. Lightning was striking all around us. Literally, like striking As soon as a lightning strike is within 10 miles, everybody has to take cover immediately. We can't film. [music] We had to send the contestants back to the city. We have been fighting This is the live IRL version of what we're going through. We had to send ourselves back to the the trailers and rough out the storm. We've just been sitting here on lockdown for the past 3 hours. Some of
[51:30] the worst thunderstorms and lightning in Greenville's recent history are happening right now. And Clix is about to walk in to address the crew. Have a seat. The bigger thing is the next steps of what we're going to do to salvage the episode. Just be on standby. We are going to get this thing done. So, thank you guys. Thanks for uh sticking it out. What's the probability we film today? It all comes down to the lightning. Safety. The first 10 hours after I wake up, those are like the most prime time,
[52:00] like my highest energy. I'm going to be the best on camera. I was just sitting there waiting, and you just drained it all, and then by the time it's time to film, you know, is when you're at the lowest of your low during the day. It's brutal. But honestly, that's like the least annoying problem of the rain. The real problem is now I also have hundreds of people in the crew sitting around. Mess up the tech. It delays everything. It's not only just that game, but it's the other games we're working on. Of course, with the bad luck, we also get some of the good luck. We found these little [music] pockets and windows of time to get out there and film a quick game in
[52:30] between lightning storms. Cuz it's storming for a little bit, there's an hour window. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; We literally you're like, "Oh, green light, we're good." We just got the clearance that's actually safe to film. The lightning is still far enough away. It's raining, but they're covering the cameras, and [music] we're just going to try to get as many run-throughs of contestants going through this obstacle course as possible before [music] we have to shelter in place. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Contestants, COME ON UP. LET'S SEE WHICH TEAM WINS round 1. 3 2 1 GO!
[53:00] &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; OH, TEAM 3 IS JUST BLITZING. REMEMBER, if you are thrown in the balls, it's over. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Team 3, you're moving on. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Team 3, team 3, team 3. How many minutes do we have right now to film the next like run-through of the obstacle course with the contestants? It's minute to minute. You know, any change in the direction of how it's going, and we're going to just lock it down, get everybody out, get them to shelter, get them into the
[53:30] vehicles that we've got standing by over there. What do we got coming up? Uh we got a big storm coming in over here. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; We might be able to get another one in. Who's going first? Okay, team 3. We had such a tight turnaround. Basically, we're under the impression if we didn't film all of the games, which seemed impossible at the time, we weren't going to be [music] able to go to the Survivor Island and film that entire episode. We couldn't miss that. We were stuck. All right, JC, I think she's building confidence. I wouldn't fall too far
[54:00] behind. Go on for it, JC. The answer was we had to work faster than we've probably ever worked on any episode, and we had to film four games in one day. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; MY TEAM IS OFFICIALLY MOVING ON. 25. LET'S GO. I NEVER DOUBTED these guys FOR A SECOND. I TOLD HIM HE WOULD have to get on his hands and knees and beg for forgiveness for ever doubting me and my team picking abilities. Wow, he's bowing down. I am I am so
[54:30] sorry for doubting your team picking abilities. Okay, come here. I am so sorry. I am so sorry for ever doubting you. You're stuck with me. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Congrats, man. We're going to get more money for JC. More money. More money for JC. More money. More money. If we had to just do this show under normal conditions, it would be immensely challenging. We just keep getting stuff thrown at us. Our control room, the roof was seconds away from leaking and just
[55:00] dumping over a couple of million dollars worth of gear. That's a water bubble that's just develops. Oh my god. So, all that water could like break over the control room. Absolutely. We got a lot of issues in here that we got to fix. Not only are we looking up praying the lightning's not going to strike in a 10-mile radius to then shut down the shoot again, we also had lightning struck so close that one of our servers got all messed up. And so, there was a point where right before
[55:30] we're about to go, and I hear in my comms, Clix hears in his comms, "We got a problem." Jimmy, pause. Jimmy, pause. All power in control room went down. Really? Yeah. The whole last game we filmed, we didn't know if that footage was gone. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; We had no idea. It was a giant trailer that we had full of servers. Three or four petabytes of data. Full of air conditioning pumping in there. And when the power went out, guys who managed the servers themselves were like literally hand fanning off trying to keep
[56:00] everything cool. It was a mad scramble to do whatever we could. I need 100% confirmation. And I went over there. They're like, "Clix, we're good. We're fine. Everything's working." I'm like, "Awesome. Show me the footage. We have [music] to check." It simply put, you have to check. And so, we checked the footage. It was there. It was great. But man, WAS THAT A SCARE. WELCOME TO THE FINAL [screaming] ROUND. HERE WE GO. Let's go. We got this. 3
[56:30] 2 &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; 1 GO! THEY'RE BOTH RACING TO GET POSITION. They're about to meet at the Y. Tyler's guarding the exit with the jousting. What's he got, Eric? Come on. How do you think about the safety of this with like rain? Like I ran through it, and it was hard enough when it wasn't wet and rainy. And you still did it. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Somehow. And I saw you had a bunch of other testers and volunteers running through it. We have a whole 'nother team that's behind the scenes managing that version of safety. Safety is first for
[57:00] us. You have to make sure our people are safe. We do testing to break the games. [music] We do it to literally say, "We didn't come up with a good enough game. It broke. Here's why. Let's fix it." And so, when you tested actually, you [music] went up against Logan. He actually was blocking your way because we have a Y, and then we have a path that both of you shared. He stood on the path. Cuz we didn't have any rules at that point. We were like, "Hey, just see what happens." So, Logan blocks you. You had to skirt around him, and we were like, "Oh, there's like interaction there." I was surprised I got I wasn't rammed off the platform there. If
[57:30] somebody's standing there, and $5 is at stake, I'm going through you. We can't have that. Somebody's going to get hurt. So, we changed it. So, rather than keep somebody on this shared path, we adjusted. And we said, "Okay, stand on your platform. If you have a jousting stick, you reach over and you joust the other person on their separate [music] platform." And that was based off of the test that you ran with Logan. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; 3 &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; 2
[58:00] 1 YOU GUYS GO. GO, MIKE. LET'S GO. GO. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; GO BEFORE HE GETS POSITION ON YOU. They're about to meet at the Y. I'm doing this for my brother [music] and my family, bro. Don't take that from me. &gt;&gt; [music] [cheering] &gt;&gt; It is a fight to the death. &gt;&gt; [music]
[58:30] &gt;&gt; Can we go to replay and see the push with the hands? Oh my god. Can we go to instant replay? If you watch like a replay in a football game, we look at everything from every angle possible, and we don't decide how we're moving forward until we're in agreement. What happened? We just erased from the set. There's a lot of like questions about this joust in particular. What What happened? You'll see the right arm of white, here it is, grabs the side, now goes for the head. Oh.
[59:00] That's where it gets illegal. That's the illegal move. And he's out. He's out. No matter what. Sorry, guys.
[59:30] Get in there. You lost so bad. &gt;&gt; I've been inching closer and closer. When I saw the bush on the [laughter] pavement My schedule is literally planned down to the minute. We're shooting with Jimmy's body double. &gt;&gt; Everything has to be perfect. &gt;&gt; When do you need [music] me there? &gt;&gt; It was a miracle if a day was less than 15 hours for me. &gt;&gt; Does our gear take A BULLET HOLE? OH MY GOD! THAT'S HOW YOU DO IT ON SURVIVOR. &gt;&gt; They've taken [music] this genre and just steroided it. Quite a few precarious
[60:00] [music] spots. &gt;&gt; We're prepping to race the cheetah. Did you ever think you'd die when you were doing your YouTube videos? Real quick, I just wanted to address all the comments on our videos about whether or not we're doing a Beast Games season 2 reunion. And the answer is yes. I was so caught off guard. &gt;&gt; We're starting with that? &gt;&gt; a never-before-seen clip. &gt;&gt; Oh gosh. &gt;&gt; No, you love this. Come on. &gt;&gt; Let's talk about it. &gt;&gt; That's a crock of crap. We just filmed it last week in North Carolina with Jimmy and the finalists. And let's just say it got pretty crazy.
[60:30] So make sure you subscribe and ring the notification bell cuz you're not going to want to miss this video. I'll see you next time.