# Why MKBHD Told Netflix: "Don't Bother"
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Df10asLzwlY
Date: 2026-03-17

[00:00] The weight of the publish button with this many people watching is a little heavier. &gt;&gt; YouTube [music] launched this summarize button. Do you worry that you may become obsolete? &gt;&gt; It's a really good question. &gt;&gt; Do you hate AI? &gt;&gt; Hmm. Casey Neistat, he went [music] off about you. &gt;&gt; Marques will go down in history as the greatest YouTuber in the history of the platform. &gt;&gt; What about your review of Humane? &gt;&gt; I don't feel bad about an honest review that is negative. &gt;&gt; What defines a conflict of interest for you? &gt;&gt; They're like, "Can you tell us if you have any issues with it before you publish your review?" No. Uh it's not
[00:30] &gt;&gt; video. [music] How many emails do you get per day to review stuff? What's the best subject line? &gt;&gt; LeBron James x MKBHD. &gt;&gt; I was like, "What is this?" &gt;&gt; Have you said no to streaming platforms? &gt;&gt; Don't bother. Going to make a show on Netflix would not [music] accomplish anything that we can't do here. &gt;&gt; You gave me an early cut of a video. It is almost like a full-length [music] documentary, a year in your life, that I think is going to change YouTube all over again. &gt;&gt; People always wonder what's going on behind the scenes. A bit more vulnerable to just [music] show how our team works. &gt;&gt; Do you ever worry about your co-workers getting poached? &gt;&gt; The only way that I can combat that is
[01:00] by making this [music] the best place to work. &gt;&gt; Why did you shut down Panels? &gt;&gt; wish that I'd launched it better. One of the most insightful hater comments I ever got was &gt;&gt; So, dude, a lot has changed since our last interview. And I just want to reel off a few stats that blew my mind. You crossed 20 million subscribers on your main channel. You got over 3 million subscribers across your other channels, which I want to talk about. LeBron James
[01:30] interviewed you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And also, you won a gold medal for Team USA for ultimate frisbee, which I think makes you probably the only person in the world who has a 10 million subscriber plaque as well as a gold medal. &gt;&gt; Didn't Ronaldo just start a YouTube channel? &gt;&gt; Okay, yeah. You and Ronaldo, okay, that's good &gt;&gt; He's got to have a gold medal somewhere. &gt;&gt; good company. &gt;&gt; Um but I was I was trying to like put in perspective like all the things you've done. And then I saw this tweet where you said you're dropping the best video you've ever uploaded, which is you getting shrunk down in a space suit, and there's comments about how good it is,
[02:00] it should have been on Netflix, and we actually did a full breakdown of it. But, you know what else got me about that video, Marques? In the beginning of it, you say to the camera, "This is not AI." &gt;&gt; We would have to shrink way down. But, with a little help, I'm up for that challenge. By the way, no generative AI is being used to create this video. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which I thought, as one of the world's biggest tech creators, you saying this is not AI and the need to almost defend it, like, why did you feel
[02:30] the need to to do that? &gt;&gt; That line was a last-second add to the script, but as we were writing that video, in the back of my head, I was like, "I think a lot of people will just assume it's AI generated." And that discounts hundreds of hours of work that goes into making this exactly what it is. So, we decided to add that line near the beginning of the video just to settle people in for like Cuz one of my favorite things is like watching a video and realizing how much work went into it. I would like people to watch that video and appreciate how
[03:00] much work actually went into it. So, that was I think worth adding. &gt;&gt; But, but what if it was generated with AI? Like, do you feel like that the ends are less um enjoyable for a viewer because of the means of AI? Like, do you do you hate AI in terms of like &gt;&gt; necessarily less enjoyable. I just think that people enjoy watching stuff that humans made. And maybe this is naive cuz this we're still pretty early with AI generated videos, and they're getting really good, and people like watching them sometimes.
[03:30] But, I think one of the reasons people watch my videos specifically is to hear what I have to say and what I've been thinking. You're watching my opinion on the thing and my choice on how to deliver that information. I naively maybe think that that's what people will continue to come here for. And so, I when I'm when we're spending all of time and energy putting it together and making it exactly what it is. If this was AI generated, it would have been a couple of prompts and like stringing it together and that's a
[04:00] different process that maybe doesn't take as long. This is entirely bespoke. All the stuff we chose to put in that video was all like human choice. &gt;&gt; Do you worry that you may become obsolete with reviews? Like because I was fascinated that YouTube launched this summarize button on videos now where you could literally type in summarize this video or get bullets. There's a lot of like YouTube plugins that that do this and there's a lot of truth of like I'm coming to Marques to get a MKBHD review. Yeah. But now that I
[04:30] could summarize your video, do you worry about that ruining watch time or like the traffic? Like what like how how do you think about that? &gt;&gt; So, I think that feature specifically is probably more worrying for certain other types of channels and videos. Like if I came to a like a tutorial for example and I need to know what tools do I need to install this Nest doorbell and I click on the first result and it's a 14 and a half minute video and the summary opens up and tells me the tools
[05:00] I need, I'm out of there. Like that type of pure information grab is likely to be like impacted by this. I like to think that our videos are a combination of information grab and entertainment. And if you're here for just the information, I guess you could open the MKBHD iPhone review and look at the summary text and go, all right, got it and leave. But at that point, why are you on YouTube? Um I think the entertainment value, the human part that I talked about, all of that is also why
[05:30] people come to watch these videos and I think that they will probably still watch the video if they want that part. &gt;&gt; How do you refine your take or your perspective? Cuz I I I feel like we have information overload now and like we want to hear a clear opinion or or or point of view to the point where even shows like Subway Takes is like taking off where it's like a podcast essentially in the subway where you're opening up with an opinion not just straight information like &gt;&gt; So what's your take? This is a note to all restaurants.
[06:00] Stop singing happy birthday to adults. &gt;&gt; 100% disagree. &gt;&gt; How do you think about okay, this thing just launched millions of people are going to use it millions of people are going to talk about it. I'm going to have an opinion that's going to be one of one. &gt;&gt; A lot of it just comes from your context of like I have thankfully gotten to test and use a lot of different tech now. Um this this happened this like built up over time in the car videos too. Like I started the car channel I'd probably only ever driven like 50 cars which sounds like a lot but for a car reviewer not that much. Now I'm reviewing
[06:30] uh cars with the experience of the context of like the last 250 cars I've driven and that helps me a lot more to have a take on whether this it's the story or the product versus the value or whatever it is. Um same thing with tech same thing with any other channel. It's like I have a lot more experience now and I think that helps. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um on this idea of like AI I saw this thumbnail that you also put out. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And uh you also were very clear it's like guys this was not
[07:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes I could have probably just put a prompt in and gotten this. And actually I see people on Twitter do that. Actually it's kind of annoying but people in my inbox would be like I generated 50 better versions of the thumbnail for you. Here they are. I'm like well now that you had my source material of course you can generate this but like this is a idea that we had to visualize this concept and that's that's what we made. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hopefully you can appreciate that's what the humans made. Hopefully. &gt;&gt; Maybe. &gt;&gt; Do you think that um like cuz you're
[07:30] showing more behind the scenes content than ever before? Like on your X like in the studio channel this year in the life video. Do you feel like because like the outputs are becoming I don't want to say commoditized but like the level of quality is going better and better across the board. You have to work harder to show the process cuz I'm seeing the stuff you're putting on the studio channel like Jimmy just brought us on to be with him for 45 days and film like a seven-episode documentary. And our goal was like help people appreciate how they pull off the impossible. And I'm wondering like are
[08:00] we having like a renaissance of like behind the scenes and like process-oriented content cuz the output is just it's hard to appreciate with AI. &gt;&gt; I think so. And even I was just thinking about this. I had my Daft Punk on earlier, my hoodie. But Daft Punk to me is one of maybe the last of a generation of a certain type of celebrity. Where there's a mystique to it. Uh it's it's it's a movie star, it's a musician,
[08:30] it's a whatever where you just get the curated part and you can really appreciate that. But then you don't get anything else. You don't get the behind the scenes, you don't get who they are as a person, what their life is like. I think that is kind of almost over. And today, in order for people to relate and appreciate the humanity of something, they want to see the humanity of the thing. You You now you go on Hot Ones and you like sweat over spicy wings with Sean and like have a conversation on camera and then you go on the Joe
[09:00] Rogan podcast and like there's way more pulling back the curtain and way more appreciating of people talking about their process and how they grew up and how that, you know, goes into what they do now. And you know, to a certain extent the studio channel is like a version of that. Like people see the MKBHD videos and they're pretty polished and they're pretty well produced and all that. And obviously there's a humanity to it, but when you see the behind the scenes of the team that's having fun making the thing and then taking a lunch break and then making the next thing, like there's
[09:30] a little bit more of the behind-the-scenes appreciation, I think. Um I still love Daft Punk, but that era is probably gone. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we they never show how they make their music. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The studio channel with this year in the life documentary you made you're showing how you made &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; the some of the most premium videos on YouTube. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I have another take. As I was watching like the studio channel and just seeing what you've done in the past year, I think you're solving like the key man problem where it's like how does a YouTube channel go beyond its host? And
[10:00] I think there's a lot of different ways to go about this. You see Smosh bring in like an ensemble &gt;&gt; of enter &gt;&gt; tainers like people who are amazing at improv. But to me as an educator or like somebody who's like been like in a different space I find it hard to relate to cuz I'm like how how do I hire entertainers create an ensemble like you spotlighting an ensemble of co-workers &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; is really interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How do you do think about launching the studio channel and do you feel like it's almost like getting some of the weight off of you in
[10:30] terms of putting out quality content that doesn't just have to involve you cuz we're seeing Harper &gt;&gt; Eric &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Andrew there's so many people in the video that are becoming characters like yeah was this studio channel launch an answer to not doing everything yourself? &gt;&gt; Partially. There's a couple dimensions of like why that channel exists. We kind of have like a cinematic universe of channels that all like plug into each other. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And maybe give a give context of what those channels are and what they are broadly just so so folks know.
[11:00] &gt;&gt; So you guys probably know me as the tech guy. I make the tech videos on the MKBHD channel. There's also the Autofocus channel which is just the car videos. There's also the Waveform podcast and then all the associated clips which are you know our chat show talking about tech news stuff and having some game show fun and etc. And there's the studio channel which is a sort of a yeah like you said ensemble but a little peek behind the curtain into the production and the studio and its characters. &gt;&gt; Yeah.
[11:30] &gt;&gt; And you I thought that was amazing. You guys have style guides for each of these. &gt;&gt; We do. Yeah. And that's new, too. But yes. &gt;&gt; Like different identities. And then also I mean this is no joke. Like these aren't just side channels that you upload every so often to. Like some of the videos like you guys have uploaded to these channels. 56 videos to the MKBHD channel, uh 30 videos Autofocus, like 12 videos like just in the past year alone. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That's wild in terms of output across other channels. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And they all work with each other. And so the studio channel there's a lot of reasons for it to exist. That's one
[12:00] of them. There are so many ideas that we have or things that people here are passionate about that don't quite bubble all the way to the surface of full-on MKBHD video, but they could be a short, they could be a studio video, they could be a a video hosted by the person that cares a lot about it that we have the resources to bring to life. Uh so that's a version for why it exists. There's also cuz people want to see how the MKBHD videos get made. They also want to see what it's like to be here in the space while this stuff gets made. So there's a bunch of reasons. &gt;&gt; Seeing your uh co-workers in the videos
[12:30] and becoming like main characters is actually really inspiring. I I'm wondering do you ever worry about them getting poached? Like I I've talked to other YouTubers who actually are worried about putting some of their best editors and people in front of the camera because they they've had experiences I've heard like of other YouTubers taking them cuz like what an amazing training ground this is &gt;&gt; for &gt;&gt; like to work for Marques &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; and to learn about the editing. And then it's like oh oh this is the person and it's not you know there's an
[13:00] etiquette to it, but you're kind of There's two versions of that, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There is worrying about getting poached meaning like some other business is going to see that talent and then hire them. The only way that I can combat that is by making this the best place to work and the most fulfilling like feeling of ownership of the output. Uh I still think we're we're really good at that. Like you you can see your work come to life and immediately get seen by an audience.
[13:30] Then the other version of that is working here long enough and learning enough that you can start your own thing and then like vault off from the visibility here to go do your own thing. And I have no way of stopping that. I think that's something that like if someone here that's also kind of a unicorn like you have to have a bunch of different skills to bring it all together to launch your own thing. Um But yeah, I think I I think there's nothing stopping anyone here from
[14:00] getting enough visibility to launch and go do their own thing other than this being a really fun place to work. A really rewarding uh direct connection with the output where you feel ownership of it and you feel like that's what you want to keep doing. That's all I can do. &gt;&gt; Do you dial back your presence in some of these other videos to give more room for these or like how how conscious like are you about like your screen time in some of these other channels? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Not not really too much. I mean it's it's kind of just a result of like audience expectation at this point. I
[14:30] think the MKBHD studio the MKBHD videos you know what to expect. The other channels are mostly started because of like bringing a new format or a new idea to life that wouldn't necessarily fit with the audience of existing channels. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like we were talking before about like you're kind of a like this is kind of a checklist you're running me through about when to start a new channel cuz I I think like a lot of creators start second channels that just die. Yeah. And you've started a second, a third, a fourth channel that are thriving. So what what is that checklist
[15:00] and how do you think about launching a new channel? &gt;&gt; basically [clears throat] you have the channel you have now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that channel every time you upload the audience is expecting something. Whether that's the people on camera or the format or whatever, the production value, they're expecting something. That's kind of like what this idea tree is. Okay, now I've been like writing for Top Gear for a couple months and I had had all these cars come through the studio that were really interesting, but just not quite enough to be an MKBHD video.
[15:30] I'd made like four car videos on the main channel, but I reviewed 30 cars for Top Gear. But what if what if I did make videos about those cars? Yeah. And And those for Top Gear is written form. &gt;&gt; Written form. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Uh that audience expectation, if we start a new channel where it's just the car stuff, they'll come back for just the car stuff over and over. Car stuff, car stuff, car thoughts, car videos, car reviews. And so that again became us like, okay, we're going to have a steady stream of car thoughts and car reviews, then okay,
[16:00] perfect. Let's make a channel where we can do that. Um so that's kind of basically the entire tree, but if you have a recurring thought or format or something where it doesn't quite fit to the audience expectations of the currently existing channels, it's a good candidate for a for another channel. So at this point now, we've I think we kind of have the universe covered. Like we have the casual chat show podcast, we have the shot on a smartphone only car review, we have the highly produced MKBHD channel,
[16:30] we have the behind the scenes and the vlog of the studio. We That's That's a lot. I feel like we kind of have it covered. So anything idea-wise that we have will probably fit into one of those boxes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And And to put this in perspective, I know you said podcast, a lot of people with podcasts, let's be honest, if they don't put any time into it. Like they just show up. I pulled these text messages from David on your team and these emails of him reaching out to people to get primary research, to get interviews. And And I just wanted you to talk about like, what's the prep
[17:00] process before you record a Waveform podcast? We saw you guys go in there today. Like, what are you guys doing to make sure it's not just another podcast where people turn on the mics, chit-chat, and like what what what's the MKBHD version and and how are you guys preparing for that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I will say one of the most insightful hater comments I ever got was probably like 15 years ago or something. But I was just cranking out videos and I got a comment that just said what was the point of this video?
[17:30] And I thought about it for a second and I was like I don't know. It was just to make it I just wanted to make a video. I just didn't really have a good point to the video. And it sometimes you just kind of throw that stuff to the side like it's just another hater comment, but I really have thought about that many times since then where every time I'm making something that I'm going to publish like the weight of the publish button with this many people watching every time is is a little heavier. Like I want to have a good reason for why we're doing this and why we're making it.
[18:00] And the podcast, you know, you can just kind of turn a mic on and talk but we wanted to have a podcast that was informative and accurate and sometimes entertaining and educational and all these other things and that requires some level of preparation. So a lot of times David's doing the sort of prep, Andrew's doing the sort of research. We have the producer, Adam and Ellis are working really hard behind the scenes making entertaining, coming up with trivia questions, all this stuff so that it's a really good time to be able to answer the question what was the point of this podcast? Well, it
[18:30] wasn't just turning the mic on and chatting. It was to make something good ideally. That's also encompassing of the having fun chatting. &gt;&gt; I apply as a point of view. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Marques, I want to talk about more of the ways that you kind of changed YouTube and and created trends. &gt;&gt; You know, one of the things that impressed me most about Marques, being at his studio and seeing how he runs his business, is how he launches his products. From Ridge to his [music] Atom shoes that he sold out, all of which are built on Shopify, which is today's [music] sponsor. Shopify powers our
[19:00] merch store, created.store, and so many more creators use Shopify because it's one of the easiest ways to start your business and get it in front of your audience. And they have a bunch of new features that are total game changers. One of my favorite new features is called Sidekick and it's [music] basically an AI business partner trained on your store. And they have other features like their pulse feature which will analyze your store and suggest personalized ways to boost sales from abandoned cart emails to planning marketing campaigns. But my favorite feature is called custom apps where you literally build apps for your store with a single prompt like creating an app that tells me when [music] to reorder
[19:30] and boom, there's a custom tool there ready to use. And with Sidekick skills, you can save prompts to reuse easily like generate a social post for your top selling product. So, if you're a creator or just have an idea that you want to turn into a business, then consider Shopify and get a free trial by going to shopify.com/youshay. And now, back to our video. &gt;&gt; But you gave me an early cut of a video that I think it's going to change YouTube all over again. But it was it is almost like a full-length documentary like 90 minutes like a year in your life. Why did you decide to do that and
[20:00] can you share more details about it cuz I think that it's going to cause a trend that more people are going to do this documentary 90-minute year in the life video. It's almost like yearly vlogging is I think going to become a thing if I had to predict. &gt;&gt; That would be sick. &gt;&gt; It kind of feels like daily vlogging. And I think it's like we're at like kind of the early days. I'm just making a prediction here but you know what? I want to hear your thoughts. &gt;&gt; I think that's valid. I mean, the idea was I mean, it's the studio. So, the studio channel often peels back the curtain on People always wonder what's going on behind the scenes, how does
[20:30] this stuff get made, what's it like to be there when it gets made or what goes on in between the videos, stuff like that. And what if you just put all of it from an entire year so you can see the arc of the whole year into one piece and like share that. So, we just started recording everything which was something to get used to but I think it was worth it because now people can actually like fully pull back the curtain and see what that's like. And yeah, I think I think other people will try it too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What were some other moments from the year in the life that you look back
[21:00] on or or some of the lessons that you think people can take away from it? &gt;&gt; I think one of the probably most frequently asked questions that I get is why are there so many people, what do they all do, and you know, that can't possibly be like necessary. I think this answers a lot of those questions, which is like I can finally point people towards this when they ask that question. Um but it also kind of it unveils cuz I don't there's no like how-to guide on building a YouTube team. There is no step-by-step instructions on like
[21:30] building a creative like machine people who work together to make this stuff. Um so it's a bit more vulnerable to just show how our team works and secretly hope other people also show how their team works and we can all learn from each other in this way. Um but yeah, it it is fun to actually actually get to see everyone doing their thing and how it all comes together like puzzle pieces, I think. &gt;&gt; Just to break it down, how many people right now work for you for MKBHD?
[22:00] &gt;&gt; I believe it is 18, but that's including my mom who does all the finance stuff behind the scenes and me. So it's probably 16 work for me like actively on creative. &gt;&gt; Do you see a world where you want to expand beyond that? Do you want to stay where you're at or like what like cuz I mean I find a lot of creators are going into creation, but they end up becoming managers. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's really hard. &gt;&gt; It is really hard, uh which is why Harper is a manager. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and she's a super useful. &gt;&gt; Yeah, who's your uh what do you mean by that? &gt;&gt; yeah, exactly. Which is I didn't realize
[22:30] I needed it until she started doing that job and I was like, "Oh, that's that's that's what we needed." &gt;&gt; Yeah. What is the octopus metaphor? You talk about that a lot and I think it's important to every creator. &gt;&gt; It's my favorite thing. It's I think it's super true. Basically, an octopus, for those who don't know, has eight arms. Uh and every creator, whether they know it or not, is doing a bunch of different jobs in one. Yes, you are trying to make a living by making videos or whatever that is, but that also means you're doing a lot of
[23:00] optimization in your writing process and a lot of creative shooting and then you're also the editor and then you're also the content strategy person who takes the edits and like decides how to package them and then that means you're doing a thumbnails and titles and still graphics and before you know it you've got eight arms you're doing a whole bunch of different stuff and each arm gets a fraction of your attention. The goal for a creator is to like chop off one of the arms and hand it to someone who can spend 100% of their time and intensity
[23:30] and intelligence on that thing. And no matter how good you think you are at that and you're going to be surprised at how much better they are with all of their time at that thing. So editing is one of the things you always see creators struggle with handing off. I've struggled with handing it off but giving a talented editor all of their time to catch up to match and surpass your own editing is worth cutting it off. And so you end up I end up cutting off still graphics, [snorts] motion graphics, inbox management, negotiating with
[24:00] brands, all these sorts of different things that I don't want to spend all of my bandwidth on and now I'm back to what I want to do. So fun fact is an octopus has three hearts. And that's just because a creator needs to find their three things that they can't cut off that they stick to. For me that's you know reviewing the actual tech and content strategy and creative you know choices around the YouTube channels and the way we do those things. So yeah, it kind of feels like the the
[24:30] octopus analogy has been useful for a long time. &gt;&gt; Have you ever cut off your own heart or like given away something or delegated something that you're like damn like I that that actually gave me life you know. &gt;&gt; No, in fact I was too slow to cut off some arms I think. I think and I was I'm I'm very deliberate about how we go through each one of these steps. We're super super slow about it. I'm sure there are other creators who cut off something and then realized that that was something they wanted to do. They brought it back. But yeah, I've I've was the octopus for a decade and then
[25:00] &gt;&gt; I was doing everything. &gt;&gt; Doing everything for a long time and then had to slowly decide which arm to cut off one by one and I think I'm thankfully uh intact here. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Which is good. &gt;&gt; How do you pick which of those things to cut off or to delegate? Cuz I think a lot of creators like struggle with that. Do you Do you was it clear to you that, you know, graphics were the thing that you're going to delegate or negotiation cuz like for me I actually realized like we at one point like, you know, we're
[25:30] working more external with folks who did our brand deals and I mean I actually really enjoy the biz dev and, you know, my uh partner Amanda, she's great at the operations. We brought everything in-house versus So we kind of went back and forth in terms of which arms do we delegate. I'm wondering how how how how did you think about that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's uh that's exactly kind of the same process as we we know what we enjoy and we realize what makes us us. So if that's like, you know, you you realize like I'm a tech YouTuber, I obviously am going to be the one testing the tech and delivering my thoughts on
[26:00] it and reviewing it. But maybe there are parts of that that are not necessarily what makes me me. It's not why someone is drawn here. Like okay, the thumbnails for example. For the longest time, I would make the whole video. I'd be so excited about this whole video and I'd finish editing and I'd hit export and I can't wait to upload it and share it and I don't have a title or thumbnail yet. Hmm. And I would just upload the video and then quickly throw something together in Photoshop or and then just make
[26:30] that the thumbnail. And it's important the packaging obviously, but it wasn't the thing that I was passionate about, the thing that I was spending most of my mental bandwidth on. And so along comes Tim and still graphics wizard like he does all of the graphics, but he can spend all of his time on something that I was spending 1% of my time on. So they are way better than any thumbnails I could ever make. And they can follow the vision and like package things and support the business really well. &gt;&gt; Uh you mentioned thumbnails and in our
[27:00] newsletter we tend to curate a lot of your stuff and this one just stood out as one of the best of the week on YouTube. And I got these original mock-ups of a thumbnail that you put together that I thought was one of your best thumbnail. And And I was just wondering, can you take us through like what is going on from that mock-up? Like what's happening behind the scenes? Like that process to me looked just fascinating. What's going on with this thumbnail? &gt;&gt; Yeah. This one specifically, it's such a meld of so many things going on. First of all, the video itself, this is the Epic Spaceman video collab where I'm shrinking myself down to the like
[27:30] nanometer scale to show the size of a transistor. And we wanted a thumbnail that could sort of illustrate the fact that I'm shrinking down. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I have used various shrunken Marques thumbnails in the past. I've had me shrunken down sitting on a Mac mini. I've had me shrunken down opening an iPhone. And we thought, okay, that's a really good visual. If we can show that scale, that shrinking thing, that's really really good. But an M5 chip, how do we show that? I
[28:00] don't know. But what if we had the five key on a Mac keyboard? It's the closest thing we're going to get. This is us like talking in front of the whiteboard like trying to sketch it out. Tim and Brandon, these wizards, are like kind of drawing it out for me. Then it just goes into production, which is, okay, well, we know how to shoot this. We'll shoot the keyboard first, then we'll shoot Marques from the same angle so that we can match it. Have like an object we've learned, it helps to hold an object so that it easily kind of fits in with physics. It turned out like very hard to visualize this idea in a thumbnail, but it worked
[28:30] out pretty well. &gt;&gt; So, I did a highly scientific study. I went to the streets of Hollywood and different conferences over the past year. And I asked people, who's more popular, Steve Jobs or Marques Brownlee? &gt;&gt; Popular? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah, or who's more known? Just &gt;&gt; In like the year 2020 six? &gt;&gt; Yes, yes, yes, yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Who are these two people? &gt;&gt; Marques Brownlee and Steve Jobs. &gt;&gt; We got Marques Brownlee and Steve Jobs. &gt;&gt; The truth I don't know this guy. This guy, Bill Gates. &gt;&gt; We have Marques Brownlee, I think that's his last name, and then we got Steve Jobs.
[29:00] &gt;&gt; Not Steve Jobs, the other one. Tim Cook, right? Tim Cook. And I don't know who that is. &gt;&gt; Well, that's Marques and then your man Steve Jobs. &gt;&gt; know who that is, I can't lie to you. I don't know who this guy is, too. &gt;&gt; Do you Do you have an iPhone? &gt;&gt; Right here. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's an interesting one cuz I don't think anyone who knows Steve Jobs or I don't think anyone who knows me doesn't know Steve Jobs is. That's what I thought was interesting. Yeah. So, it would be interesting if there was That's a hilarious video. If there was like a like a
[29:30] Hollywood actor or something, but totally separate. Yeah, that'd be really interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's funny. &gt;&gt; Yeah, god, wow. &gt;&gt; I would say who's more impactful is Steve Jobs. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I That was pretty clear. &gt;&gt; I know it's a crazy comparison, especially now that Apple could have you in their big product keynotes, and and Google does the same because last time we did an interview Marques, I asked you a lot of questions about the business of tech, rapid-fire. I wanted to ask you some of those similar questions and see if any of your answers have changed. &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. I hope I remember what I said last time. &gt;&gt; Well, I think it's more interesting that
[30:00] you don't. So, okay, here we go. Have you ever reviewed a product where you were paid to do it? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Still no? &gt;&gt; Still no. Never will. &gt;&gt; Have you ever sent one of your review videos to the manufacturer before it went live? &gt;&gt; No. No. Also never will. &gt;&gt; What's the biggest sponsorship deal you've said no to because it may have been a conflict of interest? &gt;&gt; Sponsorship deal I may have said no to. I think there's the amount of Dubai conferences I get invited to now to like
[30:30] go on stage and talk about crypto where they're like, "Here's seven figures. Want to come to Qatar and talk about this?" &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; No, I don't want to. I say no. I'm sure they would be fine, but I'm just not interested. &gt;&gt; What What defines a conflict of interest for you? Like like what is a conflict of interest? &gt;&gt; question. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because because I interviewed LinusTechTips. A lot of your content is reviewing products from brands, but then you also take sponsorships from brands. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; How how do you handle like conflicts of interest?
[31:00] &gt;&gt; You cannot buy my opinion. You cannot buy my labs team's analysis. What you can buy is airspace for what is clearly separately, obviously your talking points. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Everyone draws their line in the sand in different place. I will not accept money to do any review. Like the reviews that I choose to do are always whatever I want to do. The product gets sent, of
[31:30] course. I do all my own testing, and then that is independently published. And they get mad sometimes, by the way. They're like, "Can you tell us if you have any issues with it before you publish your review? Can you just like run it by us?" No. It's my video. Um And then yeah, conflict of interest. So then there's like just categories I'm not interested in. It's not even a conflict of interest. It's just a lack of interest. And yeah, I I don't know if there's any other like specifically defined ones, but it's kind of just just keeping it clean, I guess.
[32:00] &gt;&gt; How do you keep separation of church and state if a brand sponsors a video that's separate from like a product that they may send you and and want you to review? &gt;&gt; Right. Yeah, I mean, I will I will work with brands on a sponsored integration to highlight a product, which is definitively not a review. Um and it's it's typically not even in the category of anything I would review, which is I think just easier for viewers to understand. That's also the other thing is viewers sometimes don't always fully understand
[32:30] because the line is different for every YouTuber. They don't understand um I think they think about sponsorships as they would treat it versus how the YouTuber would treat it. So, if I am a tech YouTuber and I accept a Samsung brand deal to talk about a microwave, then surely I must feel obligated to speak highly of Samsung phones, right? That's like a totally logical thing to think in your head.
[33:00] And that's maybe true for some YouTubers and it's not true for other YouTubers. So, it helps to just keep it as clean as possible. Just no Samsung ads. Just helps to keep it as clean as possible. I'm never doing an Apple ad or anything like that. It's always going to be a something I'm not reviewing can get an ad. Something I am reviewing can't get an ad. Oh, wow. So, so if they're part of like the like iPhone, Pixels, like things that you like Samsung phones that you're reviewing annually. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You will close off any money you may get from them. &gt;&gt; Never doing a phone ad. &gt;&gt; Never doing a phone ad. But like a
[33:30] sponsorship on another video that's not related to that. Is that fair game? &gt;&gt; for a phone, I won't do it. &gt;&gt; If it's for a phone. &gt;&gt; Just to keep it easy to understand. Cuz I know people will think, oh, it's separate. This isn't the phone review. It's a sponsored bit. But even and some tech YouTubers do that. They'll do a Samsung phone review over here and then they'll do a Samsung phone ad over here. Some people understand that there's a distinction. Some people don't. So, I just choose not to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But if it's more broad, if it's like like Google like or or YouTube like NFL Sunday Ticket.
[34:00] &gt;&gt; separate enough, I think that's easy to understand. Like for yeah, there's I will do an ad for a YouTube feature even though YouTube and Google are part of Alphabet and I'm technically reviewing Pixel phones that are also made by Google. It's like if I think that's enough of a distinction that people will understand it. But yeah, that's a good point. There's like yeah, there's so many different lines in the sand for different types of conflicts in different YouTubers that it's it's easiest to just keep it as easy to understand as possible. &gt;&gt; How much harder is that for younger and
[34:30] smaller YouTubers? Cuz they you may give a bad review and that might cut off like them sending you product which may cut off like your ability to make like content and then all of a sudden &gt;&gt; That's an interesting I hear that a lot. I think there's different levels of that. I think if you're a early creator and you're just getting your first product to review ever uh you may feel like some temptation to be positive about it so you don't lose that access. I would say you shouldn't be afraid to lose that access because clearly it wasn't a big
[35:00] part of your business before now. So you should be fine without it. There's also the even younger channels who never have relationship with these companies. They never have to worry about that. That's great. A lot of people talk about the bigger channels like mine where the access that they give us sometimes is pretty critical for our review. Oh, you're getting a device ahead of the release or something like that and therefore your video is in the first wave. That's important to your business. Totally valid. What ends up happening is I'm still honest about all of my
[35:30] opinions and I I'll give a positive or negative review. You can watch lots of negative reviews I've given of embargoed products. Um and it's up to the company to decide what they want to do. And I have never to this day had a company cut me off from future product reviews because of a negative review I've given. It's actually never happened. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; They will very typically hit me up about here's the things that we fixed. Here's the software updates. Here, please review this again. Here's the newest version. Check it out. It's way better. Um but a company cutting me off for an
[36:00] honest negative review looks worse for the company, not me. Um so I'm not worried about giving an honest review and then getting cut off. If anything it's content, isn't it? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Like that's pretty That's a bad look for that company. Um so yeah, I I don't worry about that either. &gt;&gt; Speaking about negative reviews, what were the conversations like with Fisker who you reviewed their car? &gt;&gt; Fisker, I've never talked to them. &gt;&gt; You've never talked to them? &gt;&gt; Never talked to them. &gt;&gt; So I wanted to review the Fisker Ocean just like many other EVs that were interesting at the time. I couldn't get
[36:30] one from Fisker, so I went to uh J&amp;S, who's a dealership in New Jersey, and I said, "Can I borrow your Fisker for a video?" They said, "Sure." I reviewed the car. I learned why no one was buying them. I made the video. Obviously, it was negative. No one at the time was saying these are great cars. Everyone else, if you go look back at it, people who had reviewed the Fisker Ocean before me were like, "This is really bad, like really problematic. Issues with the cars, issues with getting locked out of them." Worse issues than I'd had.
[37:00] Um I made my video. The headline obviously got a lot of attention and got a lot of clicks. But that stock price was doing this before I made the video, and it was doing that after I made the video, and if anything, maybe it accelerated a little bit, but I don't feel bad about an honest review that is negative. I would feel horrible if everyone else was saying it was great and their stock price was up here, and then I had a horrible experience, gave it a negative review, and then the company went bankrupt. That wouldn't
[37:30] make much sense, but I would feel bad if that actually happened. Um thankfully, it doesn't happen. It's like it's an honest review where everyone's reviewing the same stuff, and everyone knows what's bad. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Well, what about your review of Humane &gt;&gt; the pin &gt;&gt; device, the pin that would have like, you know, a display on your like, there's a lot that was out about that before the product came in, and then you reviewed it. You called it the worst product that you ever reviewed. How did you think about the gravity of that video? &gt;&gt; So, a lot of products I get in to review
[38:00] are like pretty mid. They're fine. [snorts] They usually don't get a video. They're like not that interesting or exciting. But the ones that are interesting and exciting, like a 10, that's pretty cool. That's worth getting a video. And then every once in a while, we get one that's so bad that you're like, "I'm kind of surprised this made it this far." That's an That's its own story. That's also a video. That was one of those rare products where it had all this hype, it had all
[38:30] the you know, these founders making these super interesting videos, and they thought maybe this could be the future, and then you tried it, and I was genuinely surprised that it was actually the worst thing I'd ever reviewed, and I've reviewed a lot of stuff. So, here I am being honest about the product again. And yes, mine was one of the earlier reviews as well at that point, but you continue to see after my review other people review it. They all also can tell it's bad, it's overheating, it's having issues, the software is not good. This is also kind of awkward, but
[39:00] yeah, um that was just another weird case of a shockingly outside of the normal bounds of quality product. Usually products are mid, and if they're great, they get a video. If they're terrible, they can also get a video. &gt;&gt; Like what what is a company doing that case cuz like the ethos is often like launch fast, iterate, like get feedback, and and and your platform is massive, but it's another form of feedback that if it came in another way, they could have made the product better. Like do they slow down on on launching the product, but then their development is worth Like it is a bit of a catch-22 in
[39:30] the YouTube era to launch tech products when review channels like yours do exist and have that kind of weight when maybe that was like V1 of something that could have been great like in version three or four. &gt;&gt; Totally, I hear that a lot. I and I made a video kind of about this topic as I also talked about a humanoid robot that I think is also not ready. It's a very modern trend of announcing with a very pretty video and a very complete website and a pre-order button a product that does not exist and is not
[40:00] ready, and even when it does come out, it still needs a lot of work to actually be as good as you're showing it to be in the video. It's like a new thing in the last couple of years. I I don't know if there's much that I can do about it other than suggesting that you wait until it's done before you actually show it? I don't know if that's a crazy take. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But, you know, there's a lot of these AI things that they need a lot of data. They need to get into people's homes. They need to enthusiast to beta test it. In which case, you're just going to have to deal with a lot of early reviews
[40:30] saying it's not done. It's not good yet. And if your product is good enough or has enough promise, it can weather that storm. I think that's true. I think there's a lot of beta-ish products that require a lot of, you know, full self-driving from Tesla or a lot of like products that need a lot of user input to actually be good. I'm sure when Waze first came out, it wasn't as good as it is now. But if the promise is good enough and the base product is good enough, I think it can survive with those good enough
[41:00] fundamentals to get to Okay, this is actually good now. And maybe get a second review. I think that's something that's specific to one product. Rabbit is really trying to do that. I reviewed the Rabbit R1, which is this little handheld standalone AI product not long after the Humane Pin. Truly wasn't ready. Way too early to launch it. But they've done a lot since launch. And I think a lot of people have been telling me to re-review it cuz it's a totally different product now, which I think is fair. But yeah, back in those early days, it was I think I called it unreviewable. It was
[41:30] way too soon. &gt;&gt; It's such an interesting Yeah, it's such a hard place to be as a founder. Like people watching tech products. But I I think it's also kind of people setting expectation. It's like this is not going to be the next big thing yet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; to be rough. And &gt;&gt; But their video will paint it as it's the next big thing. Give us your money right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's off. Marques, I'm wondering how do you take like such dense information and turn into something that like anybody can consume? Like I I I was going through like some material. I got like a reviewer's guide of a product
[42:00] that's like 70 pages like deep. Like you get these all the time from different products. Um you see keynotes. Like I I like being in the corporate world for a bit. Like I have PTSD listening to some of the jargon and some of the like There's so much jargon. There's so much like world word salad that like people put out there. Um, yeah, how how are you like going through a keynote or or something like cuz I think every creator in their niche has to translate somehow. Um, and like you've been able to do that in an really interesting and clear way. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's funny. I have this this
[42:30] concept for a series or playlist that I haven't really been able to bring to life yet, but I think it kind of encapsulates the whole channel, which is ad versus reality. Just like watching an ad, watching the this product and what they claim to be able to do, and then trying that exact set of things and seeing how well it actually works. Because every presentation, every reviewer's guide, every keynote, every marketing thing has what they want you to believe about the
[43:00] product, the story, how well-made it is, how well it works. And then there's reality, how well it actually works, how well it actually does what they say. That often involves a lot of parsing out technical information or parsing out marketing jargon and just giving the real-world speech version of the verdict. What's the most overused jargon? Like comparing something to the size of a football field? Like like what's &gt;&gt; there's a lot of I was just talking about this. There's a lot of aerospace grade aluminum. There's a lot
[43:30] of surgical grade steel. There's a lot of There's a lot of just like people like using certain terms to emphasize how great something is going to be. It's fine. I don't know. I I They're totally like great for billboard and stuff like that, but I'm just going to use the phone in my pocket with no case for a week or two and then we'll see. We'll see. &gt;&gt; Have you ever had like a tech company reach out like after you distilled or like taken their information like, "Hey, Marques, that was way off." &gt;&gt; I've gotten versions of that. I've
[44:00] gotten "How did you get the product to do that thing that we didn't design it for?" or had you know, there's versions of like we anticipated the user's use case to be different from your testing, which is interesting. Um, I don't necessarily have a problem with that. I think that's totally valid to hear their version of it, but also I'm using it how I believe the users will use it. &gt;&gt; What's an example of just a maybe common one? &gt;&gt; if I'm using a if I'm using a thousand-dollar
[44:30] microphone, I'm going to test it with a lot of things in mind that I wouldn't necessarily include if I'm reviewing a ninety-dollar microphone, if that makes sense. Because the buyer of the thousand-dollar microphone has considered seven other thousand-dollar microphones and is looking at the tiniest minutia of details and differences between them. Where the person buying the ninety-dollar microphone, odds are it's one of their first ever microphone purchases and they just need to know if it's better than the one in their phone or their laptop. I'm not saying that out loud as I review
[45:00] the microphone, but you can you know, understand like the decision for the for the viewer is in the context of all the things around that product. And then you know, you might get a nice letter from the the ninety-dollar microphone company about why didn't you test it in these other environments and these other things. I'm sure it's capable of that, but I'm talking to this audience. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, how many emails do you get in your inbox per day or like Jono, you're like who leads a lot of your biz dev and like how many emails do you get per day
[45:30] to review stuff now? &gt;&gt; To review stuff, probably a dozen a day. I get a lot of emails. Jono gets a lot of emails. You could ask him how many he gets. &gt;&gt; What's the best subject line you've seen lately? Something that caught your attention. &gt;&gt; LeBron James x MKBHD &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; was like I opened it and I was like, "What is this?" And it was like, "LeBron wants to interview you." I was like, "Yes, great. Of course." That was a great headline. Good catcher. &gt;&gt; Can you do it as a little side quest like what what
[46:00] What the experience like? Like LeBron, I mean he's just It was awesome. The guy I mean, just like what &gt;&gt; It was super fun. I will say the thing that hit me the most from that is the production team that he has built with this Uninterrupted network is goated. I just want to give them their props. I've been on so many big productions, so many big shoots where there's 70 people behind the camera. I've did a masterclass. I've done these huge productions where I have a 8:00 a.m. call time and I walk in at 7:55 and they're like, "Yeah, just give us a minute for like hair and makeup over
[46:30] there. Okay, now they're ready, but then they're still doing the lights. Okay, maybe another hour for this, another hour for that." And I'm shooting at 1:30. I'm like, "Why did I show up at 8:00 a.m.?" I think for that LeBron shoot, I showed up It was probably like a 9:00 a.m. call time. I showed up at 8:55. I think I was sitting down in the chair shaking hands with LeBron at 8:59. Like, "Go. Action." I was like, "This is amazing." And then we shot, great, you know, fun conversation. And then that was it. It was just a a blink of an eye.
[47:00] &gt;&gt; Did did LeBron or Maverick Carter, who is his business partner, like leads a lot a lot of his like content, did they ask for any advice off screen or like they're doing a lot in content while he's still on the court? Whereas most athletes like, you know, [snorts] but well, yeah, what what were those conversations like about them picking your brain? &gt;&gt; They obviously have their, you know, physical production pretty down, but just as far as like what they want to do as a network, the shows they're doing. They have a lot of ideas for things. Obviously, LeBron's very involved. Probably is being very smart about building this business while he has the visibility of
[47:30] being one of the goats in the NBA, and an active player. So, yeah, we had a couple of those those chats, too. &gt;&gt; Last time we chatted, you also gave me a breakdown of how you make your money as a YouTuber and rough percentages were these &gt;&gt; what I said last time. &gt;&gt; This is what you said last time. Yeah. What what is it now? Like how how how do you make money as a YouTuber today? This might be the same. &gt;&gt; Maybe right now we'll we'll &gt;&gt; Okay, yeah. So, in 2024, it's 60% sponsors, 30% AdSense, 10% other.
[48:00] Yeah, I think that's about right. So, like AdSense is is the flux thing that goes up and down month to month. It can be a great month, it can be September, or it can be January, it can be really really low. Um so, you don't rely on that as a business. You have our partners, Ridge, dbrand, super long-term, super involved, essentially channel sponsors. Um and then we also will do occasional like other sponsored stuff in between. Those put together are still, I think,
[48:30] roughly 60% of like the stable year month to month like income for the business. And then, yeah, AdSense probably goes between 10 50% depending on what's going on that month. And then other, which is a bunch of stuff, it's licensing, it's merch, it's the little behind-the-scenes projects we do here and there, uh is still yeah, probably like 5 to 10%. &gt;&gt; That's fascinating to me cuz I thought by now, um because when we did our interview a couple years ago, it
[49:00] was right as you're launching new products with Ridge, the MKBHD brand. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um are products not a bigger part of like how you make money today, or &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; like cuz I'm I'm seeing a lot of these, like I'm even getting ads of like, you know, different Ridge products that you've designed. I'm paying more attention to those as I'm wondering if like that's like &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; driving more conversions across the board. &gt;&gt; It definitely is. I think that's just a product of the structure of my relationship with Ridge, where it's mostly ownership. It's not like the products I'm involved with I get a percentage of income from, it's more of
[49:30] just like an equity in the business. So, yeah, we are definitely doing a lot with Ridge, and it's really fun, and I'm excited about a lot of stuff we have coming up, but it's not like moving the needle in the month to month term. We work with them, we do sponsored integrations with them also. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But yeah, that's how it's structured. &gt;&gt; What have you learned about product development? And like cuz now like, you know, we you've come out with like a your own wallet, soft wallet, like battery charger pack on the back of phones, like a lot of different things. Like what yeah, what have you learned
[50:00] about like being involved as a YouTuber in in a existing business? Because I think that's becoming more and more common, you know? You have Jimmy who started Feastables like mostly from scratch, but you have a lot of folks who have done what you've done or Ryan Trahan with Joyride and like coming into an existing candy business or recently like we launched an accounting business and like we're trying to scale that and more with with a a lot of like the infrastructure there. I'm wondering like what have you learned like doing this at a bigger scale? &gt;&gt; A lot and I think it'd be really interesting if all the people you just mentioned also
[50:30] shared more of the behind the scenes of what they learned. I try to include it a little bit in the product reviews. Um because I mean, I went to business school. I knew this stuff already, but it's so much more tangible when you work on products. Like every product is a series of trade-offs. Every choice that goes into a product, whether it's the colors, materials, capacities, abilities, all those things are a direct trade-off with quality and price and timeline and all these things that go into it. And it's made me probably a little bit more understanding of choices that get
[51:00] made in the products I'm reviewing. Cuz when I we make a product with Ridge and it goes out there and other people review it and I see how people talk about the choices that we made, it gives me a new perspective on yeah, when I'm reviewing this, let me think about the choices that went into making this exact choice that I'm about to talk about. &gt;&gt; Like what? &gt;&gt; Just in like um if I'm reviewing a phone that decided to have a lower resolution, but a higher refresh rate.
[51:30] &gt;&gt; Refresh rate being the speed at which you see the &gt;&gt; Yeah, of the display. I do see a lot of comments about like the just the screen is a downgrade. Like I can't like why am I going from 2K to 1.5K? But when I see that choice, I immediately think, okay, they knew those comments were coming, but they also knew that most people were not using the display at 2K, so they can move to 1.5K and have a still great screen, but also bump up the resolution because the chips that they're using can support a higher refresh rate at the same resolution. This is nerdy stuff, but I'm like
[52:00] I I see those choices more down the rabbit hole of the maker of the product now than I did before. &gt;&gt; What what choices have you made like being part of Ridge? Cuz that was a huge deal. I think it was like the numbers probably were over a million dollar deal, multiple years you getting equity, being the chief creative partner. Like what what are some of those decisions you've helped make on products and then you get reviews on and you're like, oh, like &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean &gt;&gt; kind of got roasted there. &gt;&gt; The wallet, the soft wallet was one of the first products that I worked on and people just see the final result. What they don't see is the hours of meetings
[52:30] and the dozens of in-between versions that were considered before the final version where the slots are in different places and the stitching is slightly further from the outside and the materials are a little different color and all these other things. Um and I think yeah, basically when the final product comes out, I'm like hoping that people appreciate the small details about how far the stitching is from the outside and when the exact black leather that we're using. Um but at the end of the day, it's mostly just like, yeah, is it a good
[53:00] price? Does it do what I want? All right, it's good or it's not good. Um but yeah, there is there's so many micro decisions that go into the simplest products. &gt;&gt; What about Panels? That was a app that you launched that sold wallpaper. I don't want to simplify, but maybe maybe put into your own words and and why did you launch that? Cuz I I thought it was interesting of all the things to put your like brand behind like that was one of the things that you put out since our last interview a couple years ago. I think that was October 2024, you launched it and then just a few months
[53:30] ago November 2025 you shut it down. Yeah. What was the process of launching it? That's a that that must have been a hard decision. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a fun project that we learned a lot from. The original idea for it was one of the most frequently I think the most frequently asked question I get is where did you get that wallpaper? And I think if you Google MKBHD and hit space like wallpaper was the next word that shows up. Like people are constantly trying to where did you get that wallpaper? Where did you get the wallpapers in this style? Um &gt;&gt; And we're literally talking about the your phone screen.
[54:00] &gt;&gt; The background on on your on your computer, on your phone, on your tablet, on whatever. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so having obviously I could just like give you the image or whatever, but I thought it would be more fun to have a place where you can go view more from that artist and like find the rest of their stuff and even if you want if they sell stuff you can have it that's access to that stuff too. Um I still like the idea. I think obviously we launched it pretty poorly and I think the communication specifically was the failure because I think most people today refer to panels as a subscription
[54:30] wallpaper app or a paid wallpaper app. It was a free wallpaper app, but it happened to have the ability to buy things also and if you wanted access to everything behind the paywall you could just pay a subscription to that growing library, but it was a free wallpaper app. Nonetheless, it wasn't as tactfully launched as we should have been and uh it didn't maintain the numbers and the the sort of community we were hoping for and so we did shut it down, but I think we learned a lot from it. I would I would launch it again if I was 2 years ago I would try it again. I think there
[55:00] was a lot of things we we got out of that experience. And yeah, now we know like what sort of developers to look for, what sort of teams to work with if we want to do something in the same vein in the future. &gt;&gt; Oh, so there's a chance you may relaunch it? &gt;&gt; I don't think we're going to relaunch panels, but I think if there are other projects cuz we we we worked with the developer. We worked with outside teams for you know bringing in more help for coding and then putting that together and then also filling the ad slots in the background and all sorts of other things. Um So if we were to do another project that's similar in like the software
[55:30] space or whatever it is, we now have those connections. We know we now know who we can work with and things like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's fascinating that like even like like when you answer the question like why did you shut down Panels? It's like well, maybe the app shut down, but then the learnings from it and the things that like like like yeah, it's like and because anything you do even like if it's like just an experience going to be massively like talked about in public. &gt;&gt; for sure. Yeah. I'm not like I'm not mad at how it went. I obviously wish that I'd launched it better. A lot
[56:00] of that falls on me, but it's it's more of just like all right, we just learned a lot about launching things. We just learned a lot about building things. We just learned a lot about communication and and managing the things that we do. So, I think it's still a win. &gt;&gt; What what else did you learn about launching things? Cuz I think so many creators are trying to launch something beyond content. And then this time I'm sure like you learn more from your, you know, I don't want to call it failure, but you learn from like things that we didn't go as successfully as they could have. Like what Yeah, what did you learn from Panels that, you know, other creators or
[56:30] you may like use for your next app at? &gt;&gt; I think one of the biggest things was explain like just going into depth and giving it the explanation time instead of cuz again, we spent more than a year. We spent many months behind the scenes of like making tons of choices to build that, to bring the artists in, to communicate with the artists about what percentages made sense for them. All sorts of crazy things that we didn't talk about at all in the launch. The launch was like casually tacked on in the middle of a different review where it's like hey, we made this thing. Check it out. Let me
[57:00] know if you like it. The end. And didn't explain any of the choices. I think in in hindsight, I think if I if I were to launch it again or launch something else in the future, I would go through and explain all of those things. I ended up making a follow-up video about Panels and then explained a bunch of that stuff. But if I could do that from the beginning to give everyone the information that they can then pick apart, that would be way better. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Instead of them assuming everything. It's interesting that's like that that first video, whether it's like your launch video explaining it or a review, it's very hard to like change like people's
[57:30] like minds about what they heard in that video. &gt;&gt; It again goes into like what you don't say is just as important as what you do say. &gt;&gt; I had a chance to interview Casey Neistat and he went off about you and just said this quote that really stuck with me. I just wanted to play this clip from my interview with Casey. &gt;&gt; I think Marques will go down in history as the greatest YouTuber in the history of the platform. He absolutely crushed. No one is looking to the New York Times for the iPhone 16 review. No one is looking at what the Wall Street Journal
[58:00] is saying. Because he's so good and was so far out in front that now it is emulated across the board. Marques has defined a genre. &gt;&gt; Appreciate that, Casey. What What What What does it feel to hear that and also see your work emulated across the board? I thought that was a part of the quote that was interesting cuz I I've just seen so many different facets of your work, Marques. Like I I pulled a lot of visuals from your formats to your thumbnails, your different shots over the years that I think are all across YouTube and beyond
[58:30] just the tech genre. I just wanted to just get your initial response and I want to dive deeper into how you've done that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, so I would say first it's not that no one watches the Wall Street Journal or New York Times anymore. Obviously, they they have their audience that they speak to. Tends to be older, sure. But it's clearly shifting. People want to hear from people about like you've had a conversation like you use that thing? Should I buy that thing? Like that conversation is what people like to make purchases off of. So, that's kind of what I do. Um and there
[59:00] are a lot of tools that we use, visual tools that we clearly use often and have developed that work really well for this to support that goal. Uh and yes, people copy them cuz they work well. So, makes sense. &gt;&gt; Take me through like some of the things that you've done in your videos that, you know, now we see across all of YouTube. &gt;&gt; Okay, so well, top downs is a good one. Now we have a room just to do top downs cuz we use that type of shot so often. Obviously, [snorts] showing a simple thing in the center of the frame, the device, but then having props, having a background, having an environment that's
[59:30] not too distracting. The orbit shot, there's an object in the center of the frame that's the focus, and then the camera moves around the object. So, typically it's on a I'd do it with a slider a lot, so I'm just moving left to right and panning at the same time. And then we have some cinematic stuff, too. The probe lens, some of our cinematic intros, and other stuff. That's just fun cuz the whole team here, like me, just enjoys making videos. Uh but yeah, realism is is usually the goal. &gt;&gt; And also just like little things, I will say like I love like when I look in the camera in our videos and we do like a zoom in. &gt;&gt; A little punch in.
[60:00] &gt;&gt; A little punch in. And that is like directly adapted from you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's lots of little things. I don't know how much to take credit for cuz I'm not inventing a lot of this stuff. These are available. People can do what I'm doing. It's fine. But, I do feel like there's certain levels of like like repeating the same type of thing or using it for emphasis a certain amount of times, like people start to pick up on that, then it feels like it's a useful tool, and then other people can use the tool the same way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, it's great. &gt;&gt; I I will say it reminds me of this quote from Virgil Abloh, the late Virgil Abloh. It was like creativity is a 3%
[60:30] change. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And that's all you need to start to like innovate. And I feel like you've made these 3% changes across YouTube. &gt;&gt; That's what being a creator is. Every video is a 3% change from the last video. Yeah. And then if you scroll back far enough, you start to accelerate the 3% changes, and you can see it change by bigger fractions over time, but everything is a remix, and oh, one of the things I've said is the best thing that never happened to me was one video like blowing up, going super viral. If
[61:00] you like look at the the graph of my channel over time, it's just like a flat slowly growing line. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's the 3% change. That's it right there. We try to do some stuff that's like harder to steal, also. Like if there's going to be a thousand reviews of the same phone, but one of them has a sick robot shot in the first 10 seconds of it, kind of lends a little bit of credibility maybe to that video. So yeah, we do lots of stuff that can be copied, which is why we also do some stuff sometimes that is really hard to
[61:30] copy on purpose. &gt;&gt; Hey, can I ask how much did that robot arm cost? &gt;&gt; That robot arm cost $250,000. Wow. &gt;&gt; And and to get like these fluid shots where you punch in punch that you program it. &gt;&gt; sick. Yeah, you've seen the Glambot at at the big award shows or whatever. It's essentially that. It's a big manufacturing robot arm made by Kuka. It puts doors on cars in factories. But ours has a camera on the end of it and it's got an Xbox controller that controls the whole thing and some software on a Mac where we get to you know, keyframe up exactly what we want
[62:00] to do. So instead of the Glambot or putting the windshield into a Tesla, it's move this camera here and adjust the fizz, the focus iris zoom to hit this point and then do this and then do this and then that's it's a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and what about like how you come up with new formats cuz I I I thought it's fascinating when you did the smartphone awards which you've been doing for a while now. A lot of folks have done something similar even the thumbnail. It's just interesting to see that adapted in in different ways.
[62:30] &gt;&gt; The smartphone awards initially, I mean I this the bread and butter of the gadget review space is smartphones. They're coming out all the time. There's tons of them I review a bunch of them all the time. So I don't remember the first year. It might have been 2013 or something where I just decided let's do a wrap-up this year of all the best ones that came out and maybe some categories. And then the next year I actually I'd started that with like a bunch of phones on the desk in front of me. So the next year I had more phones on the desk in front of me and I made it a little more formal and once you do it twice,
[63:00] now it's a series. So you got to keep going. So now we did another one every single year and eventually it became the awards. So yes, other people have done smartphone wrap-ups at the end of their year. Makes a lot of sense. Some people take varying amounts of inspiration from my smartphone Awards, which is totally flattering. Um but yeah, that that's a tried and true format for sure. &gt;&gt; Do you look at outliers? Like I I talk a lot to Jimmy or we did an interview with Nick DiGiovanni and other folks across like YouTube. They look at what's been
[63:30] performing well and then they adapt that or put their spin on it. Do you look at like what has been performing on other channels as you try to adapt and put your own spin on it? &gt;&gt; A little bit. It's usually pretty intuitive though. And maybe it's cuz I'm terminally online, but like I know what people are talking a lot about. That stuff will perform better. Uh and I know what I care about because it's really exciting interesting announce- announcement, that stuff will perform well. And then there's the stuff that uh I know is not going to be an
[64:00] outlier or super high performer, but that maybe I'm just interested in making anyway. Um and sometimes I'll notice stuff that surprises me occasionally on other channels, but usually it's not too surprising. Just cuz the tech world is like there are big market things and small market things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I like to think about it as a spectrum of like uh copy and paste, which is like ripping something off and and taking it versus like copy with taste, which is like ad- adapting it and blending. I'm wondering like how you think about that spectrum, if at all subconsciously. &gt;&gt; I I do like to give credit where it's
[64:30] due. I think that's the main theme. Uh a video that comes to mind just as we talk about this is I just made a video about the arc of OnePlus as a company. They started off as an enthusiast brand and they did this whole arc all the way to like generic smartphone. And I reference uh like eight-year-old video from a tech YouTuber I've watched for forever and make sure to like link to his video and explain it, but like a lot of the points are going to be the same. So, it's not necessarily copy and paste
[65:00] or copy with taste, but it's like I'm just letting you know that this is where a lot of the points are coming from and also here's the new context for it as we talk about this OnePlus company. So, I think giving credit where due is important, um, but there's so many this is always the question is like how much inspiration can you really give credit for? You've watched thousands of videos in the past. That's always just a judgment call. Like do I give credit to this one thing that reminded me to say this other thing? I don't know. But that was a pretty clear example for me of like, yeah, give
[65:30] credit for that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, when you see people like kind of take your work like exactly does like it it honestly like does that ever piss you off and be like, "Oh, we originated that. They took it and like it just like you put in all the hard work to kind of think about the details of it." Does that ever get under your skin? &gt;&gt; I don't think I've seen it done like flat out like copy and paste. I've seen copy with taste plenty of times. I've seen also like homage type of shout-outs, which I think are great. They're super fun. Like in the
[66:00] AutoFocus channel, I like come out of the bushes to start the video. I've seen another car review come out of the bushes and I'm like, "That's not copying. That's like a shout-out kind of." So, I'm cool with that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, even if they don't mention you. &gt;&gt; Even if they don't mention it, the viewers it's like an if you know, you know thing. Like I they I'll leave a comment. Like I, you know, I see it. Uh, I don't think I've seen anyone like straight rip something, which is nice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's a it's a big remix culture &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; in terms of things building on each other in real time. And I'm wondering Marques, like if you could talk about
[66:30] like the different seasons of being a YouTuber and and how there's a preseason, there's there's playoffs and and I think a lot of that is because you're a tech YouTuber who works towards September and October where most tech companies launch their products and you review them. I'm just wondering how do non-tech YouTubers also think about that? &gt;&gt; It's a really good question. I think this all comes from the topic of burnout. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; If you ask a YouTuber to describe burnout, it's like running on a treadmill for forever and the speed is
[67:00] just too high. You can't stay on the treadmill anymore. And ever I think everyone knows like what that feels like. That's like overwhelming. That's like it's another video, another video, another thing and you're you've turned up the temperature too high and you can't keep this rate going and you just want to step away. That's burnout. One way of preventing burnout that's kind of built into tech is it has a really busy season in Tech-tember, Tech-tober.
[67:30] And then it has a kind of a lull naturally in like January, February, March usually. And that's just cuz like you know, companies are getting their stuff on the shelves for the holiday season, but that's like when there's tons constantly. Like the the rate of production is super high. But what I found is that actually kind of it's it has a lot of parallels to being an athlete where there's like a a regular season and then you're like ramping up into like the most important execution time of the year which is postseason. You've had all of your you know, processes that you've been
[68:00] fine-tuning and all of your experiments you've been running. The regular season games matter, but not as much as the postseason where you're going to absolutely be battle tested and do your absolute best work for 2 months straight. And then you obviously can't keep that rate going forever. So then it ends. And then there's like the the sort of off-season. Where okay, you kind of sit back a little bit, take stock of where you're at, how that went, what you'd maybe like to change going forward. And then you
[68:30] can start building strategically towards that new thing. I see so many parallels of like, okay, I know next season I got beat a lot in the air because I wasn't strong off my left foot. Okay, I'm going to do a lot of exercise to build strength and build the foundation where I can be springing off my left foot so that I win more of those battles in the air. I'm making frisbee references for some reason, but &gt;&gt; Or like like I've been really bad at thumbnails. I'm thinking about them last minute during my preseason or like my regular season. I should be better about my thumbnails and packaging.
[69:00] &gt;&gt; be working on integrating a person or a process to be more focused on thumbnails, exactly. And so now you've got this shape here, where it's like you we have this really really high output a certain time of year. And it's not like we have a zero output or a low output, but it is much more relaxed as we sort of re-evaluate and we are thankfully in a position as a channel where we've got a lot of people watching every video. There's a sort of a floor for views per month or whatever, so it's not like the super high pressure of like
[69:30] treadmill is always high. So, the systems, the the off-season on-season thing, I think helps a lot for burnout. You certainly talk about other channels, I have no idea how to manage that if you're not a product you have &gt;&gt; Yeah, well like what are what are like playoffs for other channels? &gt;&gt; It's a really good question. I mean, I feel like I was just talking about this on the podcast, this is like the Super Bowl for weather channels. I don't know if you watch like meteorology YouTube, but there's &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; these huge winter storms and like they are killing it right now. They're making
[70:00] two, three videos a day, live streaming, keeping the people updated on the next models and how the storms are tracking across the country. It's really interesting to watch. I kind of feel like they also have an off-season probably when the weather's less exciting here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, interesting. Or I guess the default for a lot of channels is November, December when CPMs go up. &gt;&gt; That's a good yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and and you can make more money off of the same uploads. &gt;&gt; It's probably true about almost every channel. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I think it's a good takeaway. Like find your playoffs if they exist in your industry.
[70:30] Um or like an idea I had I've just become obsessed with this idea of behind the scenes and documentaries. I want to like I want to do something in October called Doc-tober. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I'm putting it out I I don't know if we're going to do it, we'll see. One one day. But like where every week we put out a different documentary about a different creator. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And just create a playoff for our team to work towards, where we'll do behind the scenes, studio tours, breakdowns of different creators, fine-tune. And it's like, all right, October comes along, let's crush it. &gt;&gt; I I do think there's something magical about having a a little
[71:00] brief part of the year where you are outputting a ridiculous like an impossible amount. And it could be like the what you're talking about with the the documentary of like how is he every single week like coming out with a new thing? These must have taken weeks to make. That spectacle and that energy is like really fun to like work towards and have that that shining like Super Bowl moment for your channel and to just see what you're capable of. &gt;&gt; I think that's fun. So yeah, that's kind of how the tech season is. It's like September. Let's see what I still got. Let's see
[71:30] what I'm made of. Like let's do this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um do you feel like you're an athlete who does YouTube on the side or a YouTuber who's an athlete on the side? Cuz bro, you won a gold medal. And then you like you're you're traveling to China, you're competing internationally. It's unbelievable. And then you come here and you have this world-class channel over 20 million subscribers. Like but I don't know which version of you is like the the primary &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's yeah, it is here's what I'll say. It's not like a 50/50 split. It is a switch that flips back and forth.
[72:00] Um I do think a lot of the mentality for each one bleeds a lot into the other though. There's a lot of team building and chemistry and the playoffs that we talked about and stuff from athleticism that works in this environment. Um there's also a lot of creativity and problem solving that works on the field. So, I guess that's nice that I happen to be able to use a lot of my skills for each of those things. &gt;&gt; Give me an example. Like like what are you applying from frisbee? Cuz I I for the life of me can't understand the
[72:30] parallels other than team building, we're in a huddle, rah rah. Like I I can understand that but like give me something tactical. Like what what what what have you applied like from frisbee to this? &gt;&gt; Okay, so there's one part which is team building. Like every team has a captain and some form of leadership and a coach and some sometimes there's three captains. There's a strategy captain, there's a vibes captain. Well, and there will be a vibes captain? &gt;&gt; not not actual, but [laughter] like I can imagine a patch on his &gt;&gt; Yeah, the vibes guy. No, there's there
[73:00] will be like three or four captains and they'll they'll all sort of split the workload of leadership at a player level into different things. And so you have the person who's focused on like the defensive strategy and that's the captain that you look to for that. And you have the person that's focused on the offensive strategy to not get beat by the other team's defense and the offense listens to that person. And then you have the logistics captain who's like working to make sure those people don't have to think about the hotels and the car setups and all the other things. And what tournaments do we play and how do we have the highest ranking by the end of the year and all this other stuff. And I think
[73:30] there's some level of that also applies here. Like there's you know, people who are essentially making choices about how we compete as a team to be as effective as possible, to be as high output as possible in the competitive time of year. Um &gt;&gt; You mean there's different captains within the MKH team? You're saying &gt;&gt; Totally. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like is that a formal assigned role? &gt;&gt; Not really, but I feel like there's there's channel producers that are kind of like spinning together all of the pieces to put together, you know, the
[74:00] things that work with the channel strategy. Um And then there's I guess the other way around is like there are levels of problem solving. I think I did like a mic'd up episode of a like a show at Nationals last year for frisbee where we're calling a play on the line and it's like, all right, we're going to run this play, we're going to set up in a horizontal stack. You're going to start over on the top left. The first two cuts will come from the front, they'll go across and then Marquez, you're just problem solving. So you're going to read what the defense
[74:30] is doing to those first two cuts and who they leave open and then make the first and or second cut depending on who's open top or bottom to to get open and make sure the the handler doesn't get stalled out. &gt;&gt; You're reacting. &gt;&gt; Re- reading and reacting, yeah. Problem solving. So yeah, it kind of it's on both sides of the ball. I feel like you can kind of take uh little pieces of of playing sports and apply them to running a YouTube channel. &gt;&gt; Do you ever think about how much more successful you could be at YouTube if you weren't doing frisbee? &gt;&gt; I don't think it would be very
[75:00] different. I actually think &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Well, it would be a little It's not zero. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's not zero. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; There's definitely some time that I lose to each of these things that I would I would be a better YouTuber if I wasn't also traveling and playing sports. I would be a better, more complete athlete if I wasn't in a studio. Um but thankfully most of the work tech stuff is like during the day, during weekdays. And most of the sports stuff is nights
[75:30] and weekends. So it actually doesn't overlap that much, thankfully. &gt;&gt; But you don't work weekends as a YouTuber. &gt;&gt; Not as much as I do in like sports. I used to. I used to as a college student do 7 days a week of both, basically. We'd have practice every day, every other day. We have tournaments every weekend. Um but there is no way for me to work uh on videos when I'm at a tournament. It's just impossible. So I've had to just sort of accept that flip switch. &gt;&gt; How does your team keep running? Like
[76:00] what are you doing like when you're in China? Like like you know, spotty internet, like you're not here, you got to be on camera. Like what like cuz I I I find like you're doing this thing where I'm like, "Oh my god, he's not only like taking time off, he's putting himself into a totally different craft. Um meanwhile, a lot of YouTubers can't even take a day off. Um like how how how how how how are you doing that? And and what what what what what what what what what what what what &gt;&gt; bit. A little bit, yeah. I've had a couple international tournaments that I know about on the calendar long enough ahead of time that I can cram. And tech
[76:30] isn't necessarily always conducive to this, but I can cram some more evergreenish types of videos that can come out while I'm away. So it doesn't feel like as big of a gap. I've also accepted more as a YouTuber in the last couple years that you can take a week off and survive. So I do that sometimes. &gt;&gt; Do you have you ever had a moment where you're playing frisbee or you're overseas, you're competing and some big news breaks about a tech company like oh &gt;&gt; It's been close. It's been close. Um on more than one occasion I have
[77:00] flown back into the United States from an international tournament directly into a tech event or some tech video. In fact, the last two uh we won a gold medal with the World Ultimate Championships in Australia last year and that's a very different time zone. And I flew directly to San Francisco where my team met me with my gear and landed and that morning was the iPhone unveiling. And so that was a long day. That was like a 40-hour day.
[77:30] And the other was I was just in China like you pointed out um this past year and the Pixel 10 uh hands-on and embargoes were all not embargoes, the hands-on were all scheduled for the week I was away. And it was crazy but I emailed them and I was like, "All right, this is going to sound crazy but hear me out. I'm away in China for that week. What if when I get back
[78:00] I I like sneak over to your office and like quickly hang out and like get the footage and check out the devices because the next day is the embargo?" And they facilitated. They actually came here with the unreleased Pixel phones and set up a little demo for me to have the same experience everyone else had while I was in China. And I So yeah, I landed. I think I got to Newark Airport at like 4:45 in the morning, came over here uh every the Google people got here, I shot the video and I made it in a day.
[78:30] So it was like as soon as I landed I was right back to work. &gt;&gt; I'm thinking about all the like newer creators who watch our show and are listening to it. Do you feel like that is something like a level you've gotten to because of how big you are now? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Versus like would young Marques have made that trade-off versus being like I'm trying to be a tech YouTuber. I need to be at that iPhone or Pixel unveiling. Like Frisbee's going to have to wait. This personal thing's going to have to wait. That like would you have made that trade-off like honestly like if you were younger? &gt;&gt; It's a good question. When I was younger
[79:00] I had school every day and I couldn't wait to make that trade-off. I was like as soon as I'm done with school man there's going to be so many more hours in the day to do all this stuff. Um I'd be in the back of calc watching the Apple event. Like I'm just going to miss whatever's happening today in class cuz I have to be like paying attention and plugged into this event. Sorry professor if you're watching this like that was me in the back of the class but like now uh I haven't necessarily had to make a direct trade-off of like something is happening that I'm going to miss for Frisbee.
[79:30] That's it's going to happen eventually. Um I will probably God it's impossible to decide. It's very much like in the moment like which thing is more important. It's really hard to pick. &gt;&gt; You're you from what everything I tell you you're very good at just like being clear about what you want and saying no. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um are there big opportunities that like you've said no to recently that maybe you would have said yes to before and I'm just wondering how you navigate that cuz I think a lot of creators have this scarcity mindset so like they got to say yes to everything. They don't know when this wave or whatever they're in is
[80:00] going to evaporate. &gt;&gt; Totally. &gt;&gt; Um I'm just wondering how you navigate that cuz it seems like you had this clarity from very young age. &gt;&gt; I guess there's you just have to find like a sort of a north star of like what your goal is with what you're doing. A lot of people are just like let's just make this thing as big as possible and get as many views as possible or monetize as hard as possible or whatever. Um a lot of opportunities came that were clearly not going to help with any of those goals but that would be fun.
[80:30] And like what? Like the N A the NFL just invited me to do the flag football Super Bowl game or whatever it was. &gt;&gt; a creator versus creator thing. &gt;&gt; it would have been fun. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. &gt;&gt; But um I don't know. I'm I'd rather be here. Like making videos and see like there's stuff like that. There's stuff I do say yes to of course now that's really fun. But yeah, it's just about like finding what you're actually here to do, what you're trying to do with your channel. And if you can say yes to
[81:00] things that don't take away from that, that's great. Um but yeah, you got to find that thing. &gt;&gt; Have you said no to streaming platforms? That seems to be a moment that we're in right now. You know, Jimmy has Beast Games on Prime. Mark Rober uh he came on our show talked about how he has a Netflix show, all the things he's doing for that. Um you know, Dhar Mann like like all all all these creators are are having a moment and and you know, streamers are trying to pick up more YouTubers. Like have you been approached? &gt;&gt; I have not been, but don't bother. I wouldn't I'm not interested. I I
[81:30] I kind of maybe have this also maybe naive view of uh the creator landscape, which is that they're all they're they need you. Like they need the eyeballs and the only way to reach these people who are just watching YouTube is to be on YouTube. Uh they're trying to bring the YouTuber to their platform to hopefully take some of the eyeballs with them, but we're having a really good time here making videos that we we really like and going to make a show on Netflix would not accomplish anything like that we can't
[82:00] do here. Um for some of those people, of course they have goals of like to and you know, boost your profile online and to to leverage your way into other opportunities and that's why they do those things and that's great. Uh I'm just that's not one of the things I'm doing. &gt;&gt; Isn't there another level though, Marques? Like I mean, you know, if Jimmy's reaching a ton of people as Mr. Beast channel then Beast Games, you know, give gives a crazy budget he's able to do even bigger spectacles. Mark talked about the
[82:30] same thing and he's like, but there's a different demographic he could reach like are there more people that could be hearing about like your content or seeing a different side of you that you're not already making on YouTube? &gt;&gt; Yeah, probably. Um but is if I don't know if my goal is to like reach as many people as possible and like if I can reach the 50 to 70 demo I don't know I have that's not really something I'm thinking a lot about. Of course I'm trying to optimize for the people who actually do want to pay attention to tech. And to be honest, these days most
[83:00] stories are tech stories. Like everything is tech in some way. So it's valuable to be on a lot of those surfaces and to weigh in and to be the one that they trust and remember the face of. So I yeah, it would probably make sense if I went and did a bunch of things that boosted my profile and made me more visible to regular people or something. Um but yeah, I've just I I'm too busy working on the next video. So I'm not really doing as much of that stuff and I think that's okay for now.
[83:30] &gt;&gt; Yeah, well, that that takes a lot of clarity. Just to talk a bit more about like thoughts on AI. You retweeted the AI Will Smith spaghetti test. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; The definitive test. What what your take about where AI is going and and how it'll impact like creators. Like we've already talked a bit about like how, you know, you're trying to do show stuff that's not AI, but where do you think we'll be like in 6 months in in a year? How are you using
[84:00] AI? Like I I I I feel like you're cutting edge in so many ways to hear your take on it would be interesting. &gt;&gt; So one, I think clearly the AI generated imagery is going to be higher and higher in quality until it approaches human-made content. That's a kind of a default. I don't know how long it's going to take, but that's just we just assume that that's what is happening. Uh my other assumption that I just kind of hold that I don't have much
[84:30] reason to hold, but I hold anyway, is that I think people will still want to watch human-made craft and activity and performance. And we're still going to watch humans play chess against each other instead of AIs play chess against each other. We're still going to watch movies made by people that tell their life story rather than AI coming up with a story. Even if it's graphically as high fidelity as what we'd make as a human, I still believe that people want to watch human stuff.
[85:00] And then yeah, I I just feel like there's there's endless opportunity. I use AI as brainstorming tools mainly. Like I I talk to the chatbots about like at this point they know they seem to know that I'm MKBHD and they're like, "Here's some video ideas for your channel." And I'm like, "This is super helpful." Um So yeah, that's that's mainly where I use AI tools and then from there we kind of take it to the, you know, the creative team and we make what we want to make, but yeah. &gt;&gt; Where do you think that YouTube is going like the in terms of like the future of the platform? Like last time we chatted you said like you'd like to see them
[85:30] bring back the dislike button. Um since then we've seen YouTube launch collabs, uh the AI summary tool, AB title testing, um dynamic ad insertions, um Ask Studio, a lot of like new AI creation tools. Like is there anything you would like to see YouTube do? Or things that you'd like to make them bring back. Like put on your CEO hat. Like you're Neal Mohan for a day. What what are you doing? &gt;&gt; Well, the the dislike button's still gone, so I'm still going to I'm going to flag that one again since I'm the CEO
[86:00] for the day. Um No, I think they've done a lot of stuff. I mean, I was waiting for title and thumbnail AB testing as pairs. They did that. That's huge. You test that? You try that? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's &gt;&gt; Of course, yeah. It's super interesting. you &gt;&gt; a process for that? Like I I find that um I try to have one thumbnail with three titles. And then as soon as I see which title works then I keep that and then I try three different thumbnails to that one title cuz you're changing multiple variables and you're not really going to know what's working.
[86:30] &gt;&gt; That's totally valid. I'm a little more pairing them together. Usually we pair a title and a thumbnail. Um I also feel like I started just sort of doing a bunch of testing at the beginning just cuz we had the feature and then I learned that most of the tiny things that we'd AB test didn't make more than a fraction of a percent difference. So then now we really only AB test really very different titles and thumbnails. &gt;&gt; Right off the bat. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like we would have like a an iPhone review or something where it's like, "Hmm, should I use the orange
[87:00] iPhone or the blue iPhone?" So we'd do a version of it's like no one is clicking because of the color of it. They're clicking for the title and the sentiment and all the rest of the things happening in that packaging. So yeah, we'd stop testing like the tiny tests and and more tests like should we test me taking a picture with it or me using it from the front of the phone like front versus back of the phone. Sometimes the back of the phone is a little more visually identifiable and iconic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Stuff like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Or I've seen yeah a lot of creators do macro changes like like you
[87:30] mentioned and then go micro. Like I think Ryan Trahan had a hotel video where he had a bunch of different like compositions. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; once there was a winner I was looking at this on ViewStats like the next one he changes the copy in the tweet that was on there. Or I saw Jimmy does it with like the protect the yacht video. It's like multiple different compositions and just totally different vantage points of the visual. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then he'll change out his shirt color or like something on the boat. &gt;&gt; I he was talking about like open mouth versus closed mouth. Like I do think that could make a couple percent difference but I I I do wonder about
[88:00] those other things. Maybe at Jimmy's scale or Ryan's scale like 1% difference is 10,000 more views so it's worth it but I yeah, I I just feel like I don't like when I'm watching videos and the titles change and the thumbnails change and I just realized I've been watching a video I've already seen cuz it was a different title and thumbnail. I'd rather nail it as early as I can and not keep changing it. That's just me. Um But yeah, I do see I'll see I'll see a lot of experimentation with that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Marques another one of the most refreshing videos I think I watched last
[88:30] year was the one about your mistakes. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; What what why did you decide to make that video? &gt;&gt; Because saying it out loud was way better than just taking all that data for myself and then just sitting on it. Um So the video for those who haven't seen it was just going through the entire calendar year of videos, every single mistake that I made, what we did about it, how it happened, and then ideally how to minimize that happening in the future. It's not a sexy video to do or a very
[89:00] popular thing to do, but it does help for those who are like in the thick of it watching every video to appreciate like what goes into these videos and the level of like detail that the nitty-gritty that we can get into with these videos and yeah, a lot of the mistakes were like yeah, I said I said I I wrote six iPhone 16 Air instead of iPhone Air. That's my bad. Like I I had a couple weird like errors like that, but there were some interesting ones that we learned from. Um so yeah, that's just sort of a peek behind the curtain transparency type of
[89:30] video that I think hopefully people appreciated. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Are there any other big mistakes that you recall like when you're putting that together that video or as you put that out like other things that seem to resonate with folks? Like again, most people won't talk about that. &gt;&gt; I don't think so. I mean, it was I'd gotten the idea from and I shouted him out from the Tom Scott video where he had I think it was 10 years of videos and the mistakes that he made. But yeah, I think actually I've seen in comments of people being like, "Oh, you know, sometimes these videos are sloppy. Sometimes there's there's missing
[90:00] information. Marques gets stuff wrong all the time." So here's an actual collection of everything I've gotten wrong. And you can be the judge for yourself if that's too much or not, but at least now you have the facts. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I want to play this last clip from Casey from that same interview because he just went on about you. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I want to get your reaction to this. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; We will always want to to know about the latest technology. There will always be new technology. And we need a voice we can trust. And I think 30 years from now
[90:30] that that voice will be Marques Brownlee. And that's why I think like if you're only judging him on what he's done today, he's still the greatest YouTuber that's ever existed. But I think 20 years from now there will be no question in in what he has done for the world of YouTube. &gt;&gt; Wow. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Can you even think 30 years ahead? Like do you do you want to be a YouTuber 30 years from now? Are you thinking about like, you know, there's been a wave of retirements. You've been on the platform for a while like &gt;&gt; Yeah.
[91:00] Well, okay. So, I'm 30 I'm 32. So, 60 62. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; I'll probably be Look, I I've always said like one, I'm not about to predict the future, but two, I love making videos and I'll make videos as long as I love making videos. If today you like handed me a check for what did KB Lame just have like a $900 million or whatever? If you handed me that, what would I do? I'd probably just keep making videos. I just enjoy making videos. So, if that's still true when I'm 62, then that's where I'll be.
[91:30] But yeah, I will definitely have retired from Prisby then Prisby by then. Um so, I will probably have switched to golf or something less taxing on my knees. But I'll probably keep making videos. &gt;&gt; Can I can I ask a more personal question, Marques? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um do you think about like having a family and balancing the YouTube channel with that? Cuz I've it's been like one of the most rewarding things to have a daughter, but one of the hardest things to balance it with being a YouTuber versus like the other jobs I've had. I'm I'm wondering like are are are
[92:00] you Can I ask if you're in a relationship right now? Is it hard to balance that and and YouTube and and think about maybe a family? I I don't I just maybe this is too personal, but you seem to balance this so well. I'm just wondering how do you think about &gt;&gt; Yeah. I do think the the like work-life balance thing has been a learned skill. I remember back in college like my dorm room, it's like roll out of bed, the desk is right there. Like you go from home to work and you're just in
[92:30] it. And the second you feel like you're done, you can just step back and you're in bed. And so it's really easy to spend way too much time on work. And then there was this moment in like 2016 where I was looking to finally graduate from the dorm to get a house. And part of my process was I should have a big basement or something in this house so I can have a studio. And I got really far in the process with one of these and then it fell through.
[93:00] And that was actually a little blessing in disguise cuz then we found this space. And this is a a building we share with a bunch of other tenants, but it is a a separate work space. So then I had a house and I had a commute to go to work, spend all the time here in the thick of it, and then leave work behind. And that was a really important different path to take for me cuz I
[93:30] could still be like in the, you know, roll out of bed, I'm at work. Um so that was really big. Now there's the separation. Then the second half of that really is like I would go home and keep working, but I think now with the team and with all of our plans and with the sort of flow of the year, there are many times during the year where I feel like there is a really healthy balance, if you want to call it that, of work and life. So I feel good about that. I think the team has enabled that for me and I think
[94:00] that's what's made it possible to think ahead about a family and like the types of things that take a lot of time like having kids as you know. Um but yeah, I'm glad I I I found that that path was or the the other one falling through and then taking this path was a nice blessing in disguise to actually uh make that discovery. &gt;&gt; So, having that physical separation. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a big one. Yeah, cuz I find a a lot of people would talk the talk but you really walk the walk having been here uh for a bit just seeing the fact
[94:30] that your team is eating lunch together, the fact that in this year in the life documentary multiple times people said there's no expectation to work after 5:00 p.m. Um and there's no mamba mentality. Like uh which which was kind of interesting cuz I was like &gt;&gt; Maybe a little in September, October. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but then yeah, you can but then it dial dials up. Yeah, I think and then having that expectation when it does and the way you've set up this business, man, it's just I I I I think it's a just something that uh I I really um look up to and I think about like how we're building our
[95:00] business and trying to emulate that um cuz it's it's refreshing, it's rare and it's just a beautiful thing to see what you've done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; With not only your content but with your team. &gt;&gt; That's that's the goal of the of pulling back the curtain a little bit. Hopefully more people are able to build stuff like what we're making here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Cool. Well, thank you, Marques. It's been a pleasure, bud. Thanks for having me. &gt;&gt; This is fun. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you haven't already, make sure you subscribe cuz we have another video coming out with Marques where he does a full breakdown of one of his best videos ever, how he made it, how he edited, all the behind-the-scenes stuff I've never
[95:30] heard him talk about before. And if you haven't, go to ythackpack.com and you will get our free YouTube growth hack pack which just has our best tools, [music] tips, and templates on how to grow on YouTube today and we update it constantly after we do more and more interviews [music] with top creators. It's all for free. So, get it here at ythackpack.com or go to this QR code.