# MrBeast Breaks Down Biggest Moments from Beast Games Season 2
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbErfHFrSaA
Date: 2026-02-25

[00:00] about to go through this trap door. Boom. &gt;&gt; This is probably the most insane shot. &gt;&gt; She is freaking out. I don't really know of other shows that do that. Pretty heartbreaking. We're about to break down the biggest moments from Beast Games season [music] 2. We're going to be going frame by frame. VFX shots, behind the scenes. So many things that you don't see while watching season 2. What you see here is not VFX. When I take a step, they were actually manually triggering the lights in the back. But this shot right here is me in front of a green screen. $5 million. One of the largest cash prizes
[00:30] in the history of entertainment and we're just casually giving away another million. Yo complicated it is to move a stage of that [music] size that high in the air. I'm a big believer in what Steve Jobs said. Art can't be made through focus groups. She has no idea that that game was ripped. He said more after he stopped speaking. Our editors are so freaking good. Look at how big that guy's arm is. &gt;&gt; I arm wrestled this guy. Pretty sure he could beat you with his pinky. Broken number one. I've only been buried alive multiple times. What is going on here?
[01:00] This is my first time seeing this footage. What What is this? What better place to start than the intro of episode one. Check this out. This is such a cool shot. Yeah. Season two. Very simple. &gt;&gt; Okay. Wait. Okay. Yeah. I I already know what you're about to say. So, this shot right here is me in front of a green screen. I'm sure you could probably dig up the unedited footage. This is me in front of a green screen right here. Now, this is me actually on the set about to
[01:30] welcome the contestants. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this is in Vegas. Like, we were with you here. Did you already know that the beginning was going to be that VFX shot or did you have that idea afterwards? &gt;&gt; So, this whole mic coming down, me grabbing it, this was definitely a thing we did afterwards. You were there when we shot the actual intro. We thought it was going to be an orbit shot, very similar to season 1. The problem is it was similar to season 1. And so, we decided in post like we need something completely fresh and different. And that's where we landed with the mic coming down. &gt;&gt; Once again, I am standing on $5 million of real cash, an unboundly large amount
[02:00] of money. But this year, competing. &gt;&gt; Look at that. What a cool shot. Look at all those light up. And I think that's practical what you saw there that I don't think this is VFX. It's just I we did that shot so many times. This is probably the day before on rehearsal day. And we have these cables here on the side. So the money can go up and down, which becomes relevant later in episode one. We want to keep it simple at the start. &gt;&gt; COMPETING FOR THIS MONEY, 100 of the strongest contestants on the entire
[02:30] planet. &gt;&gt; Versus versus &gt;&gt; 100. This is so cool. &gt;&gt; of the smartest contestants in the world. &gt;&gt; So, it's those orbit shots. &gt;&gt; How How do you guys get this shot? &gt;&gt; So, what you see here, obviously, we didn't have these little things going around, but I'm pretty sure you shot this. We had this orbit camera that would basically revolve around them and uh they just kind of spliced it all together so it looks like one continuous shot FOR &gt;&gt; YOU ARE WITNESSING THE FIRST TIME IN human history. The 100 strongest and the
[03:00] 100 smartest have ever been in the same room. Will it be BRAINS OR BICEPS THAT wins beast games? &gt;&gt; What a good line. Brains or biceps? I like that line. ONLY ONE OF THESE 200 contestants is going TO WIN $5 MILLION. I'm Jimmy Donaldson, also known as M. &gt;&gt; Yep. I'm Jimmy Donaldson, also known as Mr. Be. So, &gt;&gt; do we need that at this point? &gt;&gt; Uh, like like who whose decision was it to put that in there? &gt;&gt; Here's the thing. I'm a big believer in what Steve Jobs said, which is art can't
[03:30] be made through focus groups. I don't typically care what focus groups say, but in this aspect when we were showing this to some people beforehand, quite a bit of them didn't understand that I was Mr. Beast or YouTuber. I don't know why. I don't It doesn't make any sense. It's literally called Beast Games. So, we put that in because I like I do care when focus groups are confused, &gt;&gt; but if that makes sense. So, when focus groups are consistently saying that like, hey, people aren't understanding that, that's actually when I find them good. I don't rely on focus groups to
[04:00] help me tell a story or do some creative innovation. You're never going to get it from them. &gt;&gt; The biggest COMPETITION SHOW IN THE history of television. Who's excited for season two? [cheering] &gt;&gt; This isn't A COMPETITION. THAT MONEY'S MINE, BABY. OVER. Anybody hear that game? Might as well, &gt;&gt; bro. Like, all right. Look at how big that guy's arm is. Like, I'm just going to circle it. I mean, it's bigger than your head. Fun fact, I arm wrestled this guy and I
[04:30] lost terribly. &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter] Thanks, J. &gt;&gt; I mean, I'm pretty sure he could beat you with his pinky. &gt;&gt; Broken. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; That game. Might as well just go home. &gt;&gt; I got three kids. I'm here to pay for their colleges, pay off my house, pay off my debt, set my kids up for die for this money. &gt;&gt; All right. So, as you'll see right here, this massive set we built is basically like a foot or two off the ground. Not that crazy. We have these trap doors. Everyone looks happy. But watch this.
[05:00] &gt;&gt; At last, send us up. &gt;&gt; I say send us up. The lights turn red. Look at her face. Look how nervous she is. Let me move the frames. Look at her. She is freaking out. [laughter] That's crazy. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; We raise the the stage. &gt;&gt; This is lit. Yo, complicated it is to move a stage of that size that high in the air. Oh my gosh, so much engineering went into this.
[05:30] [screaming] Boom. Look at that. That was just for that shot. I mean, cuz obviously it would have been way cheaper just to have the stage built up there and not have the ability to move it up and down, build the platform up. But we really wanted to get that organic surprise where they're like, "Oh my gosh, we're going in the air." So, we spent a ton of money just to be able to do that. Another thing I thought was interesting,
[06:00] this airbag here, like we were told cost millions of dollars, it's like engineer just in case like, you know, people are like falling at the bottom there. The other thing I thought was interesting, Jimmy, is that last year you guys rented one of the world's biggest hangers for Beast Game season 1. This time actually this structure you guys built from scratch. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So this is what's called a sprung structure which is like a massive tent that we built in the middle of a desert and u that way we could customize it. We could, you know, not have to share some other studio space or whatnot. And so every literally every single thing you
[06:30] see in this frame, everything we had to build from scratch just for Beast Games. &gt;&gt; The first game will be taking place far down below you. But how are you going to get all the way down there? &gt;&gt; What could it be? &gt;&gt; I know my line so well. &gt;&gt; Down there are figuring it out. &gt;&gt; Open the doors. Oh, I said trap doors. No, I messed it up.
[07:00] &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; I know. I literally know all these shots. I know what's about to play before it even plays. I can do this reaction with my eyes closed. below each of you. &gt;&gt; I'm going to play it frame by frame. This is a literal drone. Watch. It's about to go through this trap door. Speed ramp. Boom. Such a cool shot as it's showing off the set. &gt;&gt; And at the end of that rope are blocks attached to a weight and each player's weight. &gt;&gt; That was a cool transition. Yeah.
[07:30] &gt;&gt; To be exactly. One thing I think our team does exceptionally well at, I don't even know how we became so cracked at it, is all our graphics, oop, I'm just like moving the table. I'm so excited. All our graphics are so on point. Like anytime in our YouTube channel on Beast Games, we have visuals pop up. They are always phenomenal. It's so amazing when it comes to things like Beast Games because these graphics obviously help distill very complex topics into something very simple. Here, bag 33% of weight human. Duh. you know,
[08:00] &gt;&gt; bottom of the pole below you. Grab the rope with your custom weight. Hoist it up to you. How did they make off the weight and without falling, return to the surface with the blocks and stack them in the color order, I tell you. &gt;&gt; Oh, why? &gt;&gt; The heaviest weight that I see is 98 lb. &gt;&gt; OH MY GOSH. WAIT, I THINK HE MIGHT BE THE FIRST ONE UP. &gt;&gt; OH, YOU PRESS THE BUTTON. PRESS THE BUTTON.
[08:30] MATTERS. &gt;&gt; OKAY, now I want to fast forward to the next scene. I want to talk about this because I feel like we're entering another world. Wow. So, this door is opening. Watch this. This is all real. No VFX. When I step on the floor, I'm glad I'm actually glad we're doing this, right? What you see here is not VFX. When I take a step, they were actually manually like triggering the lights in the back. So, this is all real. No VFX. I know. Like no one's going to believe me when I say that cuz it looks so cool. Look at
[09:00] that. Boom. &gt;&gt; Contestants. &gt;&gt; Come on in. That was so cool. I have always had a thing for really white rooms. Now, hear me out. That's a crazy sentence, but we did a video where I did like 24 hours in solitary confinement and it was like this white room and I really This is many, many years ago. I just really like the vibe of that set. And I've told the team for so long that I want to do like a giant warehouse
[09:30] decked out in white, which is kind of why in season one when we did the cubes, the whole thing was white around the cubes. I really always just wanted like uh I'm sure there's a wide shot coming up. For the most part, it's just a big white room. It just looks very sleek and clean and it helps you really focus on what you want people to focus on. And anyways, while I was talking about the white rooms, something else we need to talk about is what you see here. This is also 100% real. This floor, I'm going to move it frame by frame. This is an effect on this video floor that is being
[10:00] keyed in. This red circle is real as they're walking out. So, we had so many people behind the scenes that we're having to queue and and do all this perfectly in real time. &gt;&gt; Was this the world's largest video stage? I think you guys broke a record for this. &gt;&gt; That that point of filming, it was the largest video floor in the world. 5,180ish square ft. Uh I mean, we weren't going for a Guinness World Record, but we got one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I also wanted to point out all the hidden cameras here. Like we were talking to Russ like during this episode, your DP, and just like making sure that there's nothing around like
[10:30] people like dressed in white if they were like shooting here. Like we weren't even allowed. &gt;&gt; Don't ruin my white room aesthetic. You guys know how I like those. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So like the attention to detail here is amazing. &gt;&gt; It it it should feel like you're on a different planet, a different world, a different just uh universe, right? Which is very sci-fi. &gt;&gt; What is this? &gt;&gt; This is crazy. &gt;&gt; What's going on? It's like a mental asylum. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What is this? &gt;&gt; Don't be scared. Just line up around the circle. Strong people, &gt;&gt; smart people on the other.
[11:00] &gt;&gt; This might be your only chance to walk away with guaranteed money. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's in person in there. People don't know this, but we had someone sneak into our set. Like literally, I I didn't know. And this is when I found out. Okay, this is probably the most insane shot of the show. Wait. So, what is going on here? This is my first time seeing this footage. What? What is this? &gt;&gt; You helped him hide on my video. &gt;&gt; I plead the fifth, Jimmy. I plead the fifth. Okay, this is I
[11:30] &gt;&gt; You're sneaking people into my videos. [laughter] I was wondering how he got there. I I almost stepped on him. I So, I ended up finding him while filming. &gt;&gt; This is This is Ara here. It It It's 7 hours of like body paint dressed as a money pile. Like, can we play the moment where you discovered Arak? IT TAKES TO WIN THAT $5 MILLION OVER THERE. When you look at this money, what do you see? $5 million in cash. That cuz that's what I saw. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't know. Something may or may not
[12:00] be going on right here. &gt;&gt; Oh, what? Money. Let's keep watching. Is there someone in the line? &gt;&gt; Wait, what do you mean? It looks like someone's breathing. &gt;&gt; Interesting. That's That's definitely I in there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the contestant Jack you saw there pointed out that the money was moving. I went over and then I could kind of see a sliver of a an outline of a face. &gt;&gt; And this is when all cameras are rolling. Yeah. Like the show is &gt;&gt; we're we're like kneede and filming one of the largest unscripted shows in history and this is just happening. But
[12:30] I mean actually I don't see him. &gt;&gt; Oh my [laughter] god. &gt;&gt; Why is this money moving? &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; What is going on? &gt;&gt; I just took a nap. Let's take a nap. &gt;&gt; Yo, he's snuck in here. Are you kidding me? I found you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you did. Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Okay, that was fair and square. &gt;&gt; DANG IT. &gt;&gt; NOW IT'S ONE. &gt;&gt; Everyone laugh. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he also hid. And uh the earlier part of episode one, I didn't find him. He hid as a guard. So then uh that's why I said one one cuz I didn't find him
[13:00] there. I found him now. So we're tied. &gt;&gt; Laugh at him. We found him if you don't mind. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I forgot I did that. &gt;&gt; Also, this is pretty my money. So &gt;&gt; no, I was trying to sneak about 100K out or something. &gt;&gt; Back to the show. I'm about to bribe him. You got to get out of here. That was one of over 40 collabs that I ended up filming. That one I didn't know I was filming. That was one of the more weird of the 41s. But yeah, the entire time we were filming season 2, I was collabing with like Haley Bailey, Eric, apparently Matthew Beam. We did some stuff with Brett Rivera. I mean, tons of creators. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like over 40. And I saw like on
[13:30] your team like San who was leading marketing for Beast Games. Like we'll go back and forth with them on ideas. &gt;&gt; Guards, come on in. As you can all see, the guards are carrying 10 briefcases totaling at $1 million. People might be numb because of Beast Games season 1, but just as a reminder, we're still in the first episode of a show with one of the largest cash prizes in the history of entertainment, and we're just casually giving away another million dollars, which I just want to point out how crazy that is because this is the
[14:00] prize pool of Survivor, of most shows, and we're just giving it out at the end of an episode. I also I mean I'm waiting for this reveal because I think like like most people &gt;&gt; reveal those are just guards. What do you mean they're just guards? I'm totally not going to hit play and reveal something. &gt;&gt; By now you could tell how obsessed Jimmy is about every single detail in his videos. But here's one detail that too many creators still get wrong. Their domain names. And that's why I want to thank our friends at dosstore domains for sponsoring today's video. From Mr. Beast.store to speed.store to our very own created.store. So many creators
[14:30] trust do.Store to get their branding right. Like when we launched our created apparel line, we knew that we needed the perfect domain to share our caps, sweatshirts, hoodies, [music] and more. And and we weren't going to go with some lengthy.com link that nobody can remember. So we went with created.store. After all, your brand name followed by a do.store [music] domain is easy to share, remember, and trust. Plus, websites with a dosstore domain drive 2x higher visibility because people know what to expect as soon as they see a dotstore in the link. So, if you're a
[15:00] creator selling merch or really anything digital or physical or planning to, then use my link below to get a special deal to get your do. Store domain for $1 for the first year before somebody else gets it [music] so you can sell more with your dots store. And now back to the video. That's a lot of money. &gt;&gt; Seeing that much money come out is insane. &gt;&gt; To receive this $100,000 PRIZE, YOU DON'T have to eliminate your friends. All you have to do is eliminate yourself.
[15:30] is eliminate yourself. &gt;&gt; This show is a once in a-lifetime opportunity. 100K is not even comparable. The math ain't math. &gt;&gt; He's not even on the smart team. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We can tell because actually there's 100 people here, right? Your odds of winning are &gt;&gt; 1%. &gt;&gt; 1%. And so the expected value 1% of 5 million is &gt;&gt; 50 grand. &gt;&gt; But you can get out here for 100 grand. So, this is actually double your expected value of playing the game. So, actually, Mitch, the math is mathing.
[16:00] &gt;&gt; Imagine going home with nothing when you can go home with $100,000 in cash and a lifechanging amount of money. &gt;&gt; 10 [music] people can hurry up and leave. &gt;&gt; I'm here to win it all. &gt;&gt; We're here for the game. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to lie. I am debating it. &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. That's Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Wow. Wait. &gt;&gt; That would have fundamentally changed the whole show if he took this. &gt;&gt; I am debating it. 50 people about to leave right now. So, &gt;&gt; IF YOU DON'T THINK YOU HAVE WHAT IT TAKES TO WIN THAT $5 MILLION OVER THERE,
[16:30] THIS MIGHT BE YOUR ONLY CHANCE TO WALK AWAY WITH GUARANTEED MONEY. &gt;&gt; But there's going to be a catch. &gt;&gt; Like, do you think there's a catch? I don't think there's going to be catch. &gt;&gt; And now the big reveal. This is what we called avocado. So, none of our employees would leak it. &gt;&gt; So, avocados are just a code name that everybody said on set so that all the contestants wouldn't find out. So basically we were worried that our employees or people working on the set cuz sometimes we had over a thousand people on the set working on beast games would accidentally leak it. So we kept the identities of the 10 guards super tightknit and whenever we would reference those guards we' call them the
[17:00] avocado and we kept it where only like a dozen people actually knew who they were cuz obviously if the whole crew knew then it probably would have got back to the contestants and we wouldn't get this really cool reaction we're about to see. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; To number 830 from season 1, who was one decision away from winning $10 million, could be back in [music] this competition if one of you take her
[17:30] $100,000 refit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I just like I can't wait for season 3 because I want to see who are the people from season 2 that people in season 3 would react to like this. Oh, you feel like it'll be an ongoing thing. &gt;&gt; I don't know. But it's just like so cool that we had people just in season one of Beast Games and they're so well known that this they elicit this kind of reaction. You know what I mean? This is cool. We were able to create this &gt;&gt; along with 406, one of last season's villains. &gt;&gt; You were negotiating your own demise.
[18:00] &gt;&gt; And he could be back causing more [music] this year. &gt;&gt; 539 more contestants than anyone. &gt;&gt; Oh, I forgot he did that. Yeah, that was not received well on Twitter. [laughter] of the strongest. These captains rejected A MILLION DOLLARS. THIS IS CRAZY. &gt;&gt; Integrity is on pursuit. &gt;&gt; And contestants from the first season. These are players. &gt;&gt; I want to go watch season one again. &gt;&gt; This competition. I'm [screaming] not in
[18:30] this for material things. &gt;&gt; And if you take their prize, they will take your spot. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. Oh my god. Do we cliffhanger him? I can't remember. Yeah, right after he pulls it off. &gt;&gt; Oh, boom. Season one winner. &gt;&gt; The season 1 champion is [cheering] back. These are the 10 players waiting to take your spot. Definitely don't want JC back. You already screwed. &gt;&gt; One thing that's really interesting is like these shots were actually taken a day before. &gt;&gt; Yeah, because you wanted to keep
[19:00] momentum filming during this shot cuz it's such a big moment, this big reveal that you shot some of these like inserts like the one of Jeff that tight because there's no camera guy here. This shot I think was filmed one day before. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, basically the day before we had the 10 avocados come out on set, pull their masks off so we could get tights. So, like this. Yeah, you're right. You'll see there's not a cameraman there. So, that closeup we we got the day before so we could splice it in and really pull out the the emotion &gt;&gt; cuz the momentum is so important on film days. Like you need those contestants
[19:30] energy and like this is like this was a shock and so keeping that going. And so now at the end of episode one, you have all the OGs from season 1 that you remember. You have a million dollars sitting here. It's like it's really good. I'm really happy with how we built out episode one. &gt;&gt; And now let's fast forward to the dodgeball game where you had these red lines show up to decide who's against who. &gt;&gt; The 18 of you are going to be playing dodgeball until nine of you remain. But this is no ordinary game of dodgeball. A red line will randomly appear, splitting
[20:00] you up into two teams. trying to get the smokey ball first. So, we have to spread out. &gt;&gt; Before each round, you'll be moving in a circle. So, when the floor changes, you might not be on the team you expect. If you get hit by a ball in any way, you're eliminated. Oh, it's win three. Oh. &gt;&gt; So, what you're seeing here is uh basically we had mechanisms planned where, as you'll see in this scene, you know, there's now three lines for dodgeball
[20:30] instead of two. and the lines kept going up and up and up and up. That way, if they all bunch together, eventually there won't even be enough room for multiple people to be in one quadrant if it got that extreme. So, that was our way of like a fail safe of forcing them to play the game. &gt;&gt; And then after this, we went back to B City. And I thought it's so interesting to see the comparisons of B City from this year to last year. So, I pulled up a clip of last year's B City. Like, what were you thinking then versus like how you kind of upleveled it for this season? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Wow. I mean, for for starters,
[21:00] this is a really beautiful city. Like, I don't want to speak negatively of season one city to build up the season two city because I actually think this is one of the the things we definitely did really well in in season one. Like, these towers right here are phenomenal. The amount of cool games and amazing shots we got on these high-rise towers over here. And I I really like the the design of the city. The only real negative of the city for me was it's just not very thematic, right? Like season one, some things felt very futuristic, like take the cubes and there was like this crazy
[21:30] futuristic set, but then this feels kind of old school type beat and it was kind of all over the place. So with season 2, I wanted everything to be more thematic and like the city is futuristic. The sets are futuristic. It all just coincides much better and that's as a whole something I like better in season 2, but this is still a phenomenal project. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And to show you what I mean. So this is the season 2 one. uh futuristic sets, weirdly enough, uh aren't like sharp edges. So, you'll notice things are more
[22:00] round. There's not like hard corners, which that plus these like neon lights and the color scheme here really gives you a in the future vibe. Also, um when you're watching the show, you might not realize this, but this is the this cannon scene here is in episode 4 where they fire the cannons to go to the island. This is cubes, which is in a later episode. Over here is the obstacle course. So all around the outside of the city, we're building all the other sets and the contestants don't know, right? So we don't let them see any of that when we put them in there. The walls of the city right around here are to keep
[22:30] them in so it's easy to track them, but it's also so they can't see the games on the outside. So they serve two purposes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cuz you you would be building in real time like here for episode 6 where you had the floating set 100 ft in the air, episode 4, like episode 3 like you said, and then you know you take them I remember with blindfolds through a lot of these cars. &gt;&gt; Yeah. through the game. So, they had no idea what was about to happen once they're out of the city. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we uh when we first bombed to the city, we did this walk up shot here. And then after that, whenever they'd leave the city, we'd black out cars.
[23:00] We'd put blindfolds on them. It was like they are free roaming in here. The second they leave that gate, it is like you can't see anything. So, let's go to episode 4. As you can see, there are 10 cannons in front of you. And for this game, I hit 10 cannonballs all around THE CITY. FIRST 10 TO FIND THEM COMPETE FOR A 1.8 8 MILLION PRIVATE ISLAND. Go &gt;&gt; basketball. Oh, is there a kevl here? &gt;&gt; NO WAY. &gt;&gt; I'm guessing the answer is the code that side 1624 28 23
[23:30] 12 36 618 &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; You solved the equation. &gt;&gt; YES. &gt;&gt; What the? &gt;&gt; THREE CANNONBALLS REMAIN. &gt;&gt; OKAY. YEAH. This is where they're all searching for the cannonballs. &gt;&gt; Is that cannonball? Congrats. &gt;&gt; Let's go. 1.8. The season one winner going to the other. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the drone shots are crazy. &gt;&gt; ONLY TWO CANNONBALLS REMAIN. &gt;&gt; NO, &gt;&gt; IT'S time for a clue. The final two cannonballs are in the sand pit.
[24:00] &gt;&gt; are in the sand. [laughter] &gt;&gt; And here they come like a hord. &gt;&gt; You know what's interesting is so the the cannonballs are on equally opposite sides. And so once one of them found one, I was thinking, oh, a smart person might deduce that it's on the equally opposite side. That's just not what happened. So maybe maybe we need smarter people for season 3. &gt;&gt; Zombies. &gt;&gt; I GOT ONE. &gt;&gt; KATIE'S GOT THE NINTH CANNONBALL. ONE
[24:30] REMAINS. YOU HAVE A 1 IN 11 CHANCE AT FINDING THE last cannonball to compete for THE ISLAND. WHICH ONE OF YOU will find it? &gt;&gt; Where are they? &gt;&gt; Found it. I found it. &gt;&gt; Of course, JC finds the second cannibal. to go to the island. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Blast cannon. &gt;&gt; Wait for this. This fireworks shot coming up. &gt;&gt; OH MY GOD. [screaming] &gt;&gt; YOU ALL ARE MOVING ON TO THE ISLAND, &gt;&gt; BRO. Once again, shout out to the
[25:00] editing team. Look at that graphics. So good. &gt;&gt; And the other 10 OF YOU WHO FAILED TO FIND A cannonball will have to stay back in B city. CUE THE FIREWORKS SHOW. &gt;&gt; Check this out. And [screaming] So pretty. &gt;&gt; They look so defeated. &gt;&gt; I just did worse than &gt;&gt; this shot right here is uh one of the big differences uh between season 1 and
[25:30] season two for me. Uh you're about to see Jack here who's a massive Survivor fan. They don't even know Survivor's coming up, but you know, he really wanted to compete for the island. He's really really bummed that he didn't get one of the cannibals. And just watch it. other people. [music] Every smart person found their own cannonball. I was the only one that couldn't do it. So, that hurts a lot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. See how we really let that play out even after he finished talking. We didn't stop rolling and we just let it play. And and you know what's interesting is he said more after he
[26:00] stopped speaking than he did when he was speaking. And like that's a big thing I want to incorporate more into our shows is the the non-verbal communication that you know is everything. He's he's really sad. &gt;&gt; And that's because like after this like they all went to an island and little didn't know but they were about to be part of one of the biggest crossovers. So this all teed up the big Survivor collab where 10 of the people who got the cannonballs went to the island. &gt;&gt; This reveal. Yes. The man himself Jeff
[26:30] Pro. What do you guys see over there? &gt;&gt; They legit had no idea. &gt;&gt; I love that effect. &gt;&gt; Is that Jeff? &gt;&gt; That's Jeff. &gt;&gt; Jeff. No way. Yes, it is. [screaming] &gt;&gt; Jeff and Jeff. &gt;&gt; OH MY GOD. JEFF, &gt;&gt; YOUR EYES DO NOT DECEIVE YOU. Welcome to Survivor Beast Game Style.
[27:00] &gt;&gt; Oh my [screaming] god. This moment right here is such a cool Easter egg cuz Sue was on Survivor. &gt;&gt; Well, actually, watch this. &gt;&gt; We partnered with one of the largest shows ever programmed on television in order to create the most insane television crossover the world has ever seen. Beast Games and Survivor FUSED INTO ONE single groundbreaking episode. And it could only be done with the legend behind Survivor, Jeff Probes. Were any of you expecting to see Jeff
[27:30] from? &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Sue, wait. So, you didn't recognize this island cuz you've been &gt;&gt; Yeah, she was Look, we had We show it right here. She was literally in Survivor. &gt;&gt; SUE, YOU'VE WON INDIVIDUAL. &gt;&gt; THE editing on this to show a flashback and the match cut with the F. I mean, &gt;&gt; oh my gosh. Wait, let's go frame by frame on that. Wait, wait, wait for it. Watch this. This is her. This is her in Survivor 47, you know, way in the past. Now, let's literally go. We'll go one frame. &gt;&gt; One frame. One frame. One frame. One frame. Frame. Frame. Frame. Boom.
[28:00] &gt;&gt; See how clean that is? &gt;&gt; So good. Now, here. Let me All right. Now, I'm going to do it now. Now, I'm going to do it in normal speed. Watch it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Good luck, &gt;&gt; bro. So good. Our editors are so freaking good. &gt;&gt; Look how uninterested I look. I'm just like, &gt;&gt; you're taking it in. &gt;&gt; I'm just like, what is going on? [laughter] &gt;&gt; What? Wait, what is going on? She grabs sand. &gt;&gt; Yes, she has a little bit of an advantage here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was like not sure what she was
[28:30] doing. So, you could clearly see that on my face. &gt;&gt; So, now like we went to Survivor, like that was a high of highs. You know, you gave away a $10 million coin. Uh, you know, you gave an island away to Ian, like $1.8 million. Now, we're going to the low of lows. Like, you brought back cubes and um you hit it. Then you had this big reveal where all of a sudden season 2 contends are like, "Oh my god, we have to play." &gt;&gt; Inside each cube is a pair of handcuffs. Your goal is to decide which of the three of you will handcuff themselves to the wall, self-sacrificing and allowing the other two members to move on in
[29:00] beast games. I don't care if this challenge takes all night. You will all live in these cubes until one of you is chained to the wall. There is a red phone in each of your cubes. You may use that phone to place a call and order anything in the world that will help you come to a decision about which of you will be eliminated. Oh, dude. First call, beast hotline. &gt;&gt; Order number one. Can we get three very comfortable chairs? &gt;&gt; Okay, sounds good. Jack, Tyler, and Sue decided to draw cards to determine which
[29:30] of the three of them would be going home. And that's when Jack did something unexpected. &gt;&gt; You guys want to do it? Pull the band-aid off. &gt;&gt; Do you want Do you want to flip them onto the money? Low card goes home. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. Ace is high, right? &gt;&gt; This to me was probably one of the most pivotal moments of the entire season. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Pivotal, but also but also a
[30:00] very sad. So, this next scene we're about to watch is uh [sighs] pretty heartbreaking one because Sue over here, very sweet lady, a big big character in the show. Um she, you know, trusts these two gentlemen very much. And here, I'll just let you guys watch. [music] &gt;&gt; One, two, 3, go. So, watch this. So, Sue lost. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's me. Look how heartbroken she is. &gt;&gt; That was so close.
[30:30] Sue, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, [music] sweetheart. Sweetheart. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. She has no idea that that game was rigged and she actually didn't lose a fair and square game. That she was cheated out of an opportunity of $5 million. There's 20 people left. She was cheated out of her 5% chance of one of the largest cash prizes in the world. And &gt;&gt; and I saw Sue after she got eliminated
[31:00] and she had no idea. &gt;&gt; Sue, do you think any differently of the people you were in the queue with? &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Yeah, I actually think differently of them. They're the nicest guys in the world and this is a game and we played a fair game and I'm going home with no money. It I mean so it really sucks. I was hoping at least something to help me in my retirement. You know I'm 60 so I was really hoping to have something. &gt;&gt; How do you think about your retirement now? &gt;&gt; It's scary. You know like I've always worked two jobs. You know I work hard. I'm a hard
[31:30] worker, [snorts] but I've never had the money to really like be financially secure. So, I'm gonna just keep working, I guess, [laughter] which sort of sucks. I want to be able to help my daughter and my mom, and I'm not going to be able to. &gt;&gt; But is that fair with this game? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's all fair. I mean, Jack didn't do Jack didn't break any rules. He didn't do anything that should disqualify him. It's part of the game. She didn't have to handcuff herself. that was her own choosing. So Jack
[32:00] technically by the book did nothing wrong. But yeah, she thought she was playing a fair game and you know um he rigged it. &gt;&gt; I wish you all the best. &gt;&gt; Sue's going to watch this. What do you want to say to her? &gt;&gt; If you had pulled [music] the same move on me, I'd be completely understanding. I hope we can still be friends after this. &gt;&gt; I I don't know if you'll uh I don't know about the whole friends thing. &gt;&gt; So now let's fast forward to the episode where you buried people alive. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Go to your coffin. Woo! &gt;&gt; It's time to bury nine contestants
[32:30] alive. Everybody get in your coffins. &gt;&gt; Each of these contestants is about to be buried alive for real and they can expect complete isolation in their cold and lonely glass coffins. [music] &gt;&gt; What was the inspiration for? What was this the video that you buried yourself alive in? &gt;&gt; What What was the inspiration for burying them alive? Hm. I've only been buried alive multiple times. Um, yeah. So, it's kind of synonymous with our
[33:00] channel. But when we buried me alive, we dug a hole 10 feet underground, put 20,000 lbs of dirt on top of me. Obviously, you know, random contestants. I'm not going to put 20,000 lbs of dirt and put them 10 feet underground. I'm just going to put 2,000 lbs of dirt in a couple feet underground. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; This is only like a few feet. And I I mean, people should know this is like mulch and like wood chips. And I actually tested it out and I got buried alive in the coffin just for a bit to see how they brought in oxygen and kept it safe. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And in their case we use mulch.
[33:30] In my case when I was buried alive we used real dirt. In their case we use mulch. So even if there something did went wrong it would, you know, they could easily dig out of it. And so obviously the safety team would never actually let me bury them 10 ft underground with 20,000 lbs of dirt like I did. But it's still really cool and achieved the effect we wanted which is we wanted straight isolation. We wanted them in a different world far away from the decisions about to be made. &gt;&gt; We're going to show a few scenes from the finale. &gt;&gt; Let's not get too close to the finale. You need to watch the show. We're not trying to spoil it. &gt;&gt; This game is as simple as it gets.
[34:00] You'll be taking turns kicking balls at each other's hearts. If your heart is smashed, you'll lose $5 million, get dropped in the void, and be gone from season 2. &gt;&gt; Like, this is watermark. It's like so top secret, which is why you see a lot of this here. But I'm curious to get your thoughts on a few things, Jimmy. So this happened in Saudi Arabia like we were in a sound stage and what I thought was really interesting is that this game mirrors one of the finale games from season one &gt;&gt; was like like that intentional or like what like it feels like poetic in some
[34:30] way like tell me about how you're thinking about finale episodes. &gt;&gt; Well this game we played soccer right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So we're in Saudi Arabia. You know who else is in Saudi Arabia? &gt;&gt; Ronaldo. &gt;&gt; And I was throwing Hail Marys. I was like praying maybe there's a shot we get Ronaldo. And so for this game, I was really hoping I could just pull a rabbit out of my hat and get him there. I think he was busy and he he couldn't make it. Um but yeah, we were really just like when we were designing and thinking of the game, we were just really praying we could have an auto show cuz you know how cool that would have been. Um but yeah, it it didn't end up working out.
[35:00] &gt;&gt; Oh, so that's part of the reason why you had the soccer ball because last year it was basketball. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Well, it was more it was uh dodgeballs and they kind of like threw it in the tubes and this time I was like, yo, we get Ronaldo to show up and then this time we kick it. It would have been so epic. We just, you know, forgot the Ronaldo part, but uh it still ended up being really cool. All right, so this next one, this one's a direct hit coming up. &gt;&gt; Boom. &gt;&gt; Like not only the the heartbreak in that moment, but it's just interesting the hearts have become like this reoccurring like character in throughout Beast Games
[35:30] like in the way the survivor has the torch. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is that something you'll carry on? &gt;&gt; So, we're still in the early stages of Beast Games. I mean, we filmed season one a year ago and so we're trying to figure out what is the IP, what are the consistent themes? Like every season is going to be different, but you still want core mechanics that people come to love and expect that we innovate on. And I like the idea of a heart representing your life in a game cuz like in video games, you have hearts. It's just obvious, right? Your heart is your life literally, right? And so it, you know, when a heart gets smashed, you get eliminated. I don't really know of other
[36:00] shows that do that and I feel like that's really cool. And so I kind of want to make that a thing every season of Beast Games. Hope you guys could tell we poured everything we had into this. And John, thanks for doing all the BTS. This was awesome. I actually have a big announcement, especially if you like this breakdown video. So here's the thing. We spent 45 days filming with Jimmy to make the official [music] docu series, The Making Up Beast Games, which now has over 40 million views as many of you guys have seen. But we also had so much great footage that we had to cut. So many great moments with Jimmy from his biggest [music] YouTube shoots to how he runs his business to even more
[36:30] from Beast Game. So, I asked Jimmy, "Why don't we do something with all that amazing extra footage?" So, I'm excited to announce we're actually debuting a second docu series called 45 Days with Mr. Beast right [music] here on this channel that features in-depth interviews, extended cuts from Beast Game. We also went behind the scenes of [music] Jimmy's biggest YouTube videos, and more never-before-seen moments, including a few surprises. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, such a good moment. &gt;&gt; Because I've seen so many comments about our official docu series, including some that said it should be nominated for an Emmy, which is just crazy. And Jimmy even told us that we somehow got a
[37:00] Guinness World Record for largest [music] behind the scenes crew. &gt;&gt; This is official Guinness World Record. Read that off to the camera. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. Guinness World Record certificate. The largest behindthe-scenes [music] crew on a competition reality TV show. &gt;&gt; But I think that this second docu series, 45 Days with Mr. Beast, shows a whole another side of Jimmy and the Beast team that we've never seen before. So, [music] subscribe so you don't miss the episodes coming on this channel. And for now, I'm excited to share a first look at our trailer. &gt;&gt; How much money have I given away over my career? &gt;&gt; $10,000. $7,000 456,000
[37:30] &gt;&gt; somewhere over $100 million. Very few people know what a day of my life is like. No one knows what 45 days are like. &gt;&gt; How we doing, Jimmy? It's nap time, John. It's 5:00 a.m. And we're still not done filming. &gt;&gt; Good night. [music] &gt;&gt; What you're about to see is 45 days of my life. This is going to be one of our most videos. If something can go wrong, it will go wrong. We're in a really bad spot. YouTube shoots. Better be a banger. &gt;&gt; Beast games. Do you ever get emotionally attached to contestants like [music]
[38:00] that would hurt? &gt;&gt; My personal life. Some of the lowest points in my life, some of the highest points in my life on display like never before. &gt;&gt; Do you still enjoy doing this? &gt;&gt; Depends on the day. &gt;&gt; I might be filming in five separate states tomorrow. Guys, pray for me. &gt;&gt; If you [music] like the BTS on my channel, these are the extended cuts. &gt;&gt; Here we go. I'm the director. I'm one of the executive producers, the showrunner. I met Jimmy. We're both about 8 years old. We [music] had one leak. The massive building is a sound stage for the beast game. &gt;&gt; We had someone sneak into our set. John hits the hardest question. Yeah. So, no
[38:30] one else will. That's why I I told him to hang around. &gt;&gt; Which of the news articles about you hurt the most? &gt;&gt; Oh my. Season one [music] was tens of millions of dollars over budget. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Whoops. &gt;&gt; We have an imminent bad weather situation &gt;&gt; and it was the biggest storm in decades. It was pouring [music] and lightning seconds away from dumping over a couple of million dollars worth of gear. Oh my god. So all that [music] water could break out. &gt;&gt; Jimmy pause. Jimmy pause. All power and control room went down. &gt;&gt; We didn't know if that footage was gone. We got a problem. &gt;&gt; I never [music] get this kind of accident. I'm a little scared.
[39:00] &gt;&gt; Also, subscribe to him. He doesn't have a million subscribers. It's kind of pissing me off. &gt;&gt; [laughter]