# Inside YouTube's Most Popular Family (Jordan & Salish Matter Interview)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=473eE8kLm1U
Date: 2026-01-31

[00:00] I'm not gonna cry. Okay. &gt;&gt; Please don't cry. &gt;&gt; We made an agreement. I wouldn't cry. &gt;&gt; Can I walk out? &gt;&gt; I've obviously gotten a lot of hate. [music] I work with my daughter. So, you're just set up for, oh, you're a bad guy. You're keeping all the money. You're exploiting her. That really hurts. How much money does Sish keep? [music] What's the percent? &gt;&gt; I think it's a lot harder to ask my like own dad for [music] money. &gt;&gt; It's the elephant in the room. It's really important to address this subject head on. &gt;&gt; On Famous Birthdays, [music] the search engine for Jenzie, you've become more popular than Taylor Swift. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's pretty crazy. She filled
[00:30] Metife Stadium. She got 87,000 people there. That was a moment. &gt;&gt; We got a lot of hate. It was deserved a little bit. All I wanted to do was go outside and say like, "I'm [music] so sorry." &gt;&gt; Do you feel disrespected? &gt;&gt; I feel ignored. We have built one of the very top channels. When we go like this, it won't happen again. &gt;&gt; I had a chance to be behind the scenes for one of your biggest shoots. [music] &gt;&gt; She just pulled me offside. She said, "Dad, whatever's going on with you, you got to get it together." &gt;&gt; Wow. Put me in my place. What are you guys doing to make sure you don't hate each other? [music] &gt;&gt; I saw Tik Toks like, "Why is she being
[01:00] so rude to her dad?" And I was like, "Oh my gosh." Like &gt;&gt; that that hit me. &gt;&gt; Do you think you'll ever call [music] it quits or &gt;&gt; I mean, God, &gt;&gt; thanks for coming on the show. U and S, I have to say thank you. I I think this is the first ever long form podcast you've ever done. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, here's some stats that are just blowing my mind right now. So, you guys are one of the top five YouTube
[01:30] channels in the entire US across the platform. You're the top female channel in the US on YouTube. 87,000 people came to see you at the American Dream All, which is far more than when Mr. Beast debuted Beastburger. [snorts] And Salish, you've become more popular than Taylor Swift. Like, on Famous Birthdays, which is the search engine for Gen Z, and people rank who's most popular. It gets about 25 to 30 million views. um per month. The only people who have ever been ranked number one, this is a crazy list. I was looking up Justin Bieber,
[02:00] Charlie D'Amelio, Queen Elizabeth in 2022 when she passed. Uh Taylor Swift, and now Salish Matter. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's pretty crazy. But I want to jump right into it because there there's there's a lot of commentary about family channels, kid influencers, and a lot of the successful like creators and child actors like it's not always the same story when they get older. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um and I'm curious like what are you
[02:30] guys doing to make sure you don't hate each other when you get older? You know, I I just gonna ask it like because this is a rocket ship that you're both on. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And in many ways ahead of like what's happening in traditional media. &gt;&gt; Um I'm just wondering what are the conversations that you guys have about that as you're kind of on this trajectory that nobody's ever seen before on YouTube. &gt;&gt; But do you want to take it? [laughter] Like I don't there's a lot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That that could that we could do a whole podcast just on this topic to be
[03:00] honest. I talked to Brooklyn and Bailey about that. Uh OG YouTubers that were grew up on camera. So, I asked them how to do it right. And they gave me three pieces of advice. Uh, number one, pay her well because she'll know someday if you didn't. &gt;&gt; Uh, two, uh, never force her to do anything. And three, let her be a kid. &gt;&gt; And I've followed that advice. And so, we've we've really established, you know, uh, investments for her. They come from the revenue from the channel. And she's very familiar with that as much as
[03:30] she wants to be. &gt;&gt; Really, &gt;&gt; you're doing okay. &gt;&gt; You're doing [laughter] okay. and um she has all the decision-m power about brand deals, whether or not she wants to do them, uh content, whether or not she wants to do it. &gt;&gt; What are those conversations like about like the money and and the success? Like how how do you guys like talk about that in addition to the content? &gt;&gt; Well, I first of all, it's it's there's two different accounts. One when she turns 18, that's the Kugan account, and then the the second one when she turns
[04:00] 25 is the majority of the revenue from the channel. So that's a that's 10 years away still, right? Kind of hard to like she gets more excited. Chipotle recent tell her about the Chipotle and how excited you got. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, like Chipotle is like my favorite like food and they DM'd me and sent me like a card where I get 50 free meals which is like crazy and I was really happy about that. &gt;&gt; So [laughter] you see how much she beams but if I say okay so this month the revenue is this you made this. like
[04:30] great like the [snorts] because it's so far away whereas that Chipotle card she could take it right now and use it. So so so the the more immediate stuff is what is the revenue being generated right now to go into her account right now. But the bigger picture for me is what what are the assets and what are the investments going forward that she'll have when she gets older. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the Kugan account for people who don't know is something that was set up because traditional Hollywood a lot of child actors were making money but then taken advantage of by their parents. So I believe it's 15% that
[05:00] &gt;&gt; it's 15% but it's the way the Kougan account works is that it's 50 if she if she was an actress she'd have a normal salary &gt;&gt; right and then of that salary she would be guaranteed 15% through the cougan account that means the other 85% could go to the parents and they'd never give it. So, it's not really the ideal situation &gt;&gt; for us. It's a different thing. There isn't anything set up for YouTube at all influencers because 15% of what the gross of the channel, the net of the channel, or her percentage. &gt;&gt; So, we're way more generous to her than
[05:30] California is forcing us to be. So, the Cougen account is just one aspect of it that will enable her to have money when she's going to college, but most of it is when she turns 25. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and are is there like if you wanted to buy something right now sish like could you like tap into that? Is that for later? Like how does that work? Like can you buy anything you want right now? Like &gt;&gt; well like I can buy things to a certain extent. Like I feel like I'm pretty cautious with money because I don't want to waste all my money but like I get
[06:00] paid a certain amount per video and then I have that to just spend whenever I want like to go get food with my friends or go shopping and all of that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's different from that. That's a a a amount that we agreed upon and then she this okay this is salor in a nutshell. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So she was making $100 per video from the beginning &gt;&gt; and we drew up a contract. So it was hundred and then at some point I said do you think you should get more money and she's like no. I said okay look at the
[06:30] channel and look at the direction the channel's going in. Don't you think since you're pretty much the star of the channel that you've earned an increase? No. She doesn't think so. But eventually we met at 150. She started feeling bad about that. So she's knocked it back down to 100 because she's like, "Well, I'm having fun and you guys do most of the work during the week, so I don't really deserve 150." So she's given herself a pay reduction [laughter] &gt;&gt; because I feel bad &gt;&gt; she's generating the revenue. I mean,
[07:00] there's no way to argue it. I'm getting money for when I'm older. And like when I'm older, I actually need that money to like live and just like do the things I want to do, but right now I don't need money. Like I would like it, but I don't need it, you know? So, I feel bad. I don't want to make you pay me extra. S I I do want to talk more about the allowance thing or the the payment per video because my understanding from that is like knowing your self-worth, you know, and and asking almost like if you're in a job for a raise or like, you know, knowing like, hey, like cuz is
[07:30] that is that the reason you want her to ask for something? Is that the thinking behind it? &gt;&gt; All of it is built into that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But also, I think it's a lot harder to ask my like own dad for money. Like I don't know. I've always hated it. Like even since I was like like nine and I wasn't on the channel yet and I wanted like a toy. Like I don't like asking for like money. Like I feel like I would be better with asking for money from an actual like my actual boss, you know? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Like it's awkward asking you like, "Hey,
[08:00] can I have $100?" &gt;&gt; Again, you know, you've completely earned it and far beyond that. &gt;&gt; I know. But still, &gt;&gt; why not just give her like the, "Hey, no questions asked. Here's the money." And and I assume like, have you ever seen the YouTube studio of how much the videos make? &gt;&gt; Yes. [laughter] sailor like $100 is like a a like such a tiny percent. No. &gt;&gt; Yes, it is. But I feel like um like we I only shoot one day a week and [gasps] the entire team sets up for the videos
[08:30] like the entire week. So I feel like I just feel bad for not like helping more and I don't know. &gt;&gt; But the videos can't exist without you. &gt;&gt; I know. But yeah, &gt;&gt; you sound like me right now. &gt;&gt; She eventually gets paid. Of course she does. I mean it's not like she's &gt;&gt; runs out of money completely. can't go to Starbucks with her friends. I'm like, "Well, you didn't ask." I mean, eventually she's like, "Oh, yeah. I didn't get paid." I'm like, "Okay, how much was that?" We look back. She has an incentive clause with a one out of 10. &gt;&gt; If it's a one out of 10, she gets a boost. So, she So, that's the only time she cares about a ranking. She's like,
[09:00] "Yes, one out [laughter] of 10." So, she knows. &gt;&gt; We had like three one out of 10. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we had a good run recently. You you got banked recently. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um, so it sounds like that that is like the weekly pay per video. And then there's those two accounts that you mentioned. And again, I talk about this &gt;&gt; and I appreciate you guys talking to people who are at the top. Um, and just it's interesting to hear about how you guys do it. So, you you guys have two accounts for Salish like how much
[09:30] money does Salish keep? Like what what's the percent like? Can you get tell us more about those two accounts? &gt;&gt; I I can't say the exact percentage of the total, but I can say it's it's a good it's a very healthy chunk. The the way it works is 15% of her total goes to the Kugan account. That all goes to when she's 18 and then all the 85% that's remaining plus 100% of brand deals goes to her when she's 25. And then when the brand deal comes, she has a choice about
[10:00] whether or not to do the brand deal or not. And we discuss very specifically this is the offer and here's how much it will probably be by the time you're 25. And then she'll say usually, "Okay, unless it's like, well, I don't want to play with dolls anymore." And she's passed a lot of brand deals because &gt;&gt; there there's been an incredible amount of stuff that she's turned down. She turned down movies so that she doesn't have to miss school for a month. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; she usually turns down everything [laughter] to be honest. &gt;&gt; Is it hard when s you turn down a huge
[10:30] deal? &gt;&gt; I think I've turned down how many movies? Like not very many. just like &gt;&gt; well two but you're 15 and you're not an actor so &gt;&gt; yes that's a lot [laughter] but I've turned down two movies and I feel like those were kind of hard to turn down but I do just want to stay like in school and I want to stay in my sports and like with my friends and I feel like that's not too hard of a decision a decision to make for me &gt;&gt; but it was kind of hard like
[11:00] &gt;&gt; you know one of the things that I think happens a lot and again it's my responsibility my wife's responsibility it's us to talk about this and help guide her. She's not an adult, right? But I think a lot of people what they do is when they are working with their kid, they see it as a moment and the moment's going to be over and we got to cash out before it's over. Oh, life is hard. Like we got to we got to save as much money as we can because like if you're not popular anymore. And I see it all the time. And so then the the parents are just driving their kids to take every
[11:30] opportunity to make as much money as possible, which of course uh speeds up their their demise really because then people just see them as like cashing out. &gt;&gt; Um the way I see it with Salish is if she chooses to given the platform she has, she has a long career ahead of her. There's no reason to rush and do stuff now that she doesn't want to do so that she can get extra money when maybe her living her life as a child and enjoying that is going to be much more financially rewarding later because
[12:00] she'll have those experiences to draw on. &gt;&gt; So, I just I don't I don't feel like short I think it's very short-term thinking to think and and you see this a lot with Tik Tok kids &gt;&gt; a lot, right? like &gt;&gt; they can't make monetize Tik Tok. So they do every brand deal, every collab under the sun. Before you know it, their Tik Toks twothirds of them are brand deals &gt;&gt; and then what made them popular is gone in exchange for what makes them wealthy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But that's so much harder done
[12:30] than said. Like I I have this photo of you, Jordan, um from I think I don't know how long ago. I don't want to date anyone, but um I'm just wondering like it took you a while to start making money as a photographer, right? And like like get started, get your career. Um and I'm wondering like &gt;&gt; was it hard to get money where you were at this age? Have you seen this photo, Salish? &gt;&gt; Like such an embarrassing [laughter] photo. &gt;&gt; Like were you were you making a lot of money when you were younger and trying to make it as a creator and a photographer like in your in your early
[13:00] days? &gt;&gt; No. I mean, I was in my early days, I was sleeping on friends couches. What my story is, I wanted to be a photographer, but there were a lot of them. I had no experience doing it. I was a waiter at the time and trying to be an actor. My wife got accepted to vet school. She's my girlfriend at the time. So, she went off to Canada and I was living alone in New York. I didn't have enough money to pay for the rent of our apartment alone. So, I started sleeping on friends couches and also wanted to be a photographer at that time. So, I started taking I took I took all the money I had
[13:30] to take a photography course. So I had no money left. So I was really kind of buming around with friends, sleeping on the couches trying to build a photography career. So it was a long time before I had any sort of disposable income. &gt;&gt; And that doesn't live with you as you see the dollar amounts that come in for your daughter. &gt;&gt; Of course it does. Of course it does. I think we're all stuck at that point in our lives. like it like there's no doubt that I I hear the opportunities like, "Oh my god, it's it's such a different world than most of us grew up in."
[14:00] &gt;&gt; Um, but again, I really feel strongly about uh empowering her to make her own decisions and and her having the confidence to do that. As you know, girls are not often raised to have the same confidence in their voice as boys do. Like one thing that I think is really important is that the whole crew, they're adults, um, and when when if Sish is uncomfortable with a moment in the video and she stops everything, she says, "I don't want to do that." Nobody
[14:30] argues or complains. Everybody listens to what she has to say and then we move on and we do a different scene that she's more comfortable with. I think her just having that weekly um moment of of of being reminded that her voice matters as much as everyone else is in the room is super important. &gt;&gt; I pulled up this other video. Like there's a lot out there about, you know, [snorts] like parent and kid influencers. Have you guys seen this? &gt;&gt; Oh, this is the worst. Have you seen this? Oh, wow. Watch this one. Almost
[15:00] got to put your act like you're crying. &gt;&gt; I am crying. Go like this. &gt;&gt; No, mouth. I'm not just using &gt;&gt; No, I know. But [laughter] go like this for the video. Go like this. Put one hand up like this. No, go like this. Put your hand like this. But let them see your mouth. &gt;&gt; Let them see your mouth. &gt;&gt; I don't know about I'm actually crying. &gt;&gt; Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I know. Look at me. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. &gt;&gt; So, the situation there is that they filmed a whole video about their dog dying or being sick or something and
[15:30] he's legit crying. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; First of all, we would never make that video. Anyway, &gt;&gt; so he's legit crying and then &gt;&gt; they forgot to cut &gt;&gt; and the way they did thumbnails was video thumbnail and she left it at the end of their video. They didn't even cut it out and then now it's they're done. But that has become a representation again along with other stuff of family channels and of what parents are willing to do. And if that's all you're exposed to, it makes perfect sense. Like if
[16:00] parents are out there forcing their kids to do stuff they don't want to do, keeping on the money for themselves, that's horrible and you'll have to deal with that later when they grow up. Other side of it is if she's a gymnast and I'm encouraging her to go to a private every day and I'm taking her an hour early to go to the meet and I'm really after school every day I'm forcing her to do her repetitions. People will say, "You are teaching her healthy habits. You're
[16:30] teaching her how to be successful, all that stuff. But if I'm putting her on YouTube, I'm exploiting her." &gt;&gt; Cuz the sport of gymnastics or like that that trope of a mom or dad doing that is more known, &gt;&gt; right? Or exactly. Or how many conversations were there about the Stranger Things kids in season 1 being exploited by their parents? Probably none. Or being exploited by Netflix. None. Because they're actors and we're used to that. The diff the only difference here is is that I'm a dad on camera with my daughter and it's our
[17:00] channel and so therefore it must be different. But the way I see it is the same thing. We're not a YouTube channel. We're a production company. Like when we make videos that compete with Netflix viewers. So when we think about our content, we think about how do we get a family to sit down on a couch for 30 minutes and watch something like they would on Netflix, but I want them to watch us instead. So it's the same thing, but it's different in the perception because it's a family channel. Have you guys had conversations with other family channels or kid influencers to set a new standard? Because there's a documentary on Netflix
[17:30] about Piper Raquel and the dark side of kid influencers and do you have strong opinions about other family channels and and what's going on in the industry versus what you guys are doing? &gt;&gt; So, I feel it's really important to address this subject headon rather than um pretending it doesn't exist. It's the elephant in the room. And I've noticed that throughout my YouTube career, I I got for the most part, I got a lot more respect as a YouTuber when I was a photographer than I am now. &gt;&gt; Even though when I was a photographer,
[18:00] we would average maybe 2 million views. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now we average 50. &gt;&gt; And I think that there's it there's several reasons why. One is, oh, you're exploiting your kid, &gt;&gt; right, for your own monetary gain. And so therefore, we don't want to uh celebrate that. Uh number two, it's got to be easy. She's funny and cute. So what the heck, right? Like anybody could, right? So they don't understand that we are &gt;&gt; a production company that are aware of every aspect of the algorithm and
[18:30] retention and clicks, all of that, &gt;&gt; six days a week, and that she works her butt off all day, and that the majority of what I'm doing financially is to funnel it towards her when she's older. Those questions are never asked because you're just the assumption is that there's going to be some sort of negative aspect to it. So the public perception of it is pretty negative. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it's fueled by the few people who have done it wrong. &gt;&gt; What are things that you guys are doing to counteract that?
[19:00] &gt;&gt; So she she's she's driven every part of everything is whatever it is that she makes her happiest is is the decision we make. &gt;&gt; Even if that comes out of financial loss, &gt;&gt; of course. Yeah. I mean, it's my kid, you know, like like I've got a I want to spend my rest of my life like with her and and having a close connection with her. If I was to make any choice that would in any way jeopardize that or or harm her memory of her childhood, there's no money that can pay for that.
[19:30] &gt;&gt; So, the the financial thing is never a question. Now, I can say that because I had the great fortune of already being successful before I brought her on the channel. So it wasn't like there was never a situation I hope in which she felt that it was her burden to carry the finances of the family because I think that that's what happens with kid influencers a lot is &gt;&gt; they don't have much and then suddenly the kid becomes famous and there's all this money coming in and they feel that responsibility. I've got to keep generating content because my family
[20:00] needs me. And then the family is like, "Wow, we really need this. Like, take this brand deal. We really need this." Right. I've never had I've been fortunate enough to never have to make that decision, but I'm pretty certain even if I did, I would never prioritize finances over her. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I'm curious about what the channel looked like before Salish, you joined and and became a big part of it and it almost skyrocketed. I think now like videos are getting 30 to 40 million views each. What did the finances look like before got involved? we were probably averaging a few million and then the big ones we get 10 or 20. Now
[20:30] we average 40 to 50 million per video. So that's it's it's a significant change. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um before she joined um &gt;&gt; the revenue was it it was a very I I don't like to talk about specific numbers. Uh you know she's a kid. I don't want to broadcast anything right but it was a significant yearly salary per month &gt;&gt; is is what was happening before Salish &gt;&gt; like a year for anybody else doing a day job. Yes. Not for for like what would be considered a very good salary. Uh you know that was a monthly revenue
[21:00] pre-salish. &gt;&gt; Then what happened was she joined the views really skyrocketed and also the length of the videos went up television viewership went up and as a result uh there's the revenue is there's better revenue and she's seeing a big portion of that. &gt;&gt; Salish do you have the YouTube studio app on your phone? &gt;&gt; No I don't. &gt;&gt; No. [laughter] Yeah. Wait, I think a fun game would be I'm gonna open YouTube Studio for you and see if you have any clue what that is. But &gt;&gt; well, I think like my dad talks about
[21:30] like all of the YouTube Studio stuff with me and like the money and stuff and it's crazy, but like I don't have it off the top of my head. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The I think one of the things that really is appealing about Sish is that she say anything I'm I'm wrong about. &gt;&gt; Yeah. She really doesn't focus on views or popularity. As a matter of fact, I would say if you put a hundred kids her age in a room, she would be the one that
[22:00] wants to be famous the least. Would you agree? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; And the views don't like change your mind about that. Like a lot of people may say that then they get the views that you've gotten. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I think that the views are incredible that we get. It's like insane. And I'm so grateful for everybody that watches the videos. And I'm happy that I've made a little bit of an impact on people. But I don't really think about the views. Like I never really look how many views we have. &gt;&gt; You'll be like, "We've posted 7 a.m.
[22:30] Saturday every week for years." And she'll go, "Wait, did did you post something this week or what did we post?" &gt;&gt; That's because I see like a video on TikTok. And I'm like, "Wait, I didn't know that video is coming out this week. forgot that we even like it's so and I think that it's such a great thing because &gt;&gt; when she's on camera she's not trying to impress anybody like just whatever man like whatever like me don't like me I'm here because I like the crew because I have fun doing this and &gt;&gt; if you guys watch it that's awesome if
[23:00] you don't okay great I would you know so &gt;&gt; would that be an accurate way right so so as a result there's there's a real authenticity &gt;&gt; to sish that I think is very rare among on anybody on YouTube, not just kids, &gt;&gt; because everybody's trying, including me. I I think I try on camera a lot harder than she does. And I think she's just letting the camera come to her and and doing her thing, and we're all like working hard. And I think there's a real
[23:30] It's really cool to watch that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I want to talk about like you on set cuz like I had a chance to be behind the scenes for one of your biggest shoots of the year. And I have a clip here that I wanted to share. We'll get right back to it, but I want to thank today's sponsor, Thinkic, who actually helped build my Insider Accelerator course for creators. And not only is their product great because of how easy it is to use, but how you can tailor fit it to your brand. And they just launched a new update that makes it even easier to sell to groups, teams, or companies, especially if you sell courses, trainings, or any other kind of digital product. And with their group order
[24:00] feature, you can now enroll entire teams into your course or community without any extra admin work. And they've also built invoicing right into their platform. So you don't have to deal with manual tracking or endless back and forth email. So if you're a creator, a coach, a speaker, a trainer selling your expertise, this is one of the easiest ways to scale. Plus, Thinkific already gives you tools like abandoned cart emails, gifting, flexible payments. Basically, the whole ecom stack to help you earn [music] more. Just go to the link below or scan the QR code to check it out. And thank you again to Thinkic
[24:30] for sponsoring this video. And now back to it. And I was amazed at how vocal you were. Uh, Sailor, if you want to play this clip. &gt;&gt; Did you do your hair this morning? It looks so bad. I &gt;&gt; forgot about this. &gt;&gt; That's cool. &gt;&gt; We're about to film in two minutes. &gt;&gt; Dad, I'm not trying to be rude. It just doesn't look like you did it. Like, it's all over the place. Can I fix it, please? &gt;&gt; No, please. Cuz there's lots of hair. No, if you fix it, &gt;&gt; I'm not going to do anything. &gt;&gt; Please, please don't. I don't want to do this. &gt;&gt; Can you hold my phone, please? &gt;&gt; I don't No, because you don't understand. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to do anything. I know how to do hair. &gt;&gt; Rowan. &gt;&gt; No. Oh my god. No. No. You're kid. All
[25:00] the hairspray. &gt;&gt; Stop. [snorts] &gt;&gt; I don't have more. That looks a lot better. &gt;&gt; Either it looks just the exact same or she messed it up in a way. I've got to go fix it. &gt;&gt; Pause. We need 15 minutes. I got to go fix my hair now. Oh, no. That looks better. &gt;&gt; Okay, we're good. &gt;&gt; So, who has more control on a set? &gt;&gt; Well, definitely me. Like it's not even I don't even know if I have any control &gt;&gt; because I think like sometimes my dad doesn't understand that like some things
[25:30] he sometimes wants me to say. It's just like who would say that dad? Like &gt;&gt; like what what's an example? &gt;&gt; So I think like two years ago I in every single one of my videos I would hit my dad or I would call him old and I would just be like it seemed like I was being very rude to him. And as I got a little bit older, I just kind of stopped like I just don't hit him anymore. I don't really call him like old you, you know?
[26:00] And I don't know. I feel like I just kind of told him, "Dad, that's so weird. Like why would I be hitting you at 14 years old?" &gt;&gt; But why were you hitting him initially? Just cuz that was something you were doing when you were younger or like what? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I did that a lot when I was like 11, 10, just like kind of playing around with my dad. And then I got older and I saw Tik Toks like, "Why is she being so rude to her dad? Why is she hitting him?" And I was like, "Oh my gosh." Like I never interpreted it in that way. &gt;&gt; And so there is an impact, right?
[26:30] Obviously, she's going to see that stuff and that's going to have an impact on on how she wants to behave. But also, she was evolving to a place where she doesn't smack me as much anymore now, like off camera. Like maybe I'll get a pinch instead or a look or eye roll or something cuz she's getting older. But when she joined the channel and she was that age, there was a lot of beating me up stuff. Anybody who's got a daughter at that age knows that that's kind of how they communicate. &gt;&gt; Um, and so, but when we would put it in the video, the thing that I thought I felt really bad about was the old thing because
[27:00] &gt;&gt; yes, every time like I used to call my dad old as like a joke and I really didn't mean it in a rude way. It would just be a joke. And I feel like a lot of like daughters do that with their dads. And then people would come up to him and be like, "You're so old." Or they would come up to me and they would be like, "Your dad is so old." And I would feel so bad because I just I felt very bad that like people were just calling my dad old. And they weren't doing it because they actually thought he was old probably. They were kind of just doing it &gt;&gt; cuz you had done it. &gt;&gt; Cuz Yeah.
[27:30] &gt;&gt; She had said it was okay. So then the joke was, "Oh, you're old." And so she said she wanted to stop saying that. But the the thing that I felt really bad about that often times in those scenes I'd be like, "Oh, this would be funny if you called me old now." &gt;&gt; So, I'd almost queued it up for her and then it came out of a place she used to tease me about that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But, you know, we made it a much bigger thing on the channel. And then she took the hit even though it was our choice to leave it in the edit. It was almost my choice to encourage her to do it. &gt;&gt; And then people the narrative became she's not grateful.
[28:00] &gt;&gt; He had a hard childhood. &gt;&gt; Oh, you know, things changed. Dar did a video about me &gt;&gt; that was about my childhood Dar man &gt;&gt; and childhood wasn't ideal. It was pretty rough. And yours? Yeah. Yeah. So, as a as a result, um there was a lot of sympathy for me, which was really sweet because nobody knew anything about my childhood. And they're like, "Oh, I see now he's that's why he wants to give her the childhood he never had." And then they were playing back the old stuff of her calling me old and beating me up. And like, see, she's ungrateful and he went through so much hardship to give her everything and now she doesn't care.
[28:30] &gt;&gt; And it's just such an unfair narrative that would it really upset me. So, so fortunately, we've kind of gotten through that part now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, still obviously as you saw on set, a lot of teasing, but there's no way to take that out because that's our entire relationship. &gt;&gt; So, if we take that out, it's very inauthentic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's interesting to see your content and like how it's aging up as you age up. Salish. Um, I pulled some stats and you had a challenge video that you guys like put out and that one got 8 million views. A ton. Um, and it was a 8
[29:00] out of 10. So, it was like of the &gt;&gt; Was that of the first week? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then you guys put out a dating video that got 23 million views and it was a two out of 10. It was your second best performing video. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do you feel pressure from the YouTube algorithm? Like do you feel pressure to monetize your personal life? Like given the like success of these videos? I mean, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; it's hard not to either consciously or subconsciously feel swayed &gt;&gt; by seeing those things. I'm wondering &gt;&gt; how do you guys like think about that, seeing these numbers? Well, I definitely
[29:30] know that people like care more about like, oh, who's she dating or who's she talking to or whatever than like me like hiding in a pool. But I don't really care at all. Like I love doing videos with my friends. I love doing it with Ko, Nidal, Payton, Tsunami, like all of them. And I actually ask my dad like, "Hey, can we do a video with Nidal? Hey, can we do a video with Ko?" because yeah, I feel like I just prefer to do
[30:00] videos with my friends because I can talk to them more instead of just being on set, you know. &gt;&gt; I'm curious like any other thoughts on this like because you also set the ideas, right, Jordan? You bring them to Salish or &gt;&gt; It depends on the scenario. So &gt;&gt; there's also a big distinction between these two videos. The video with Ko was a much more personal video &gt;&gt; and the video with the Stokes was a challenge based romp. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Who cares who wins, right? It's just like we're having fun &gt;&gt; and it's silly. &gt;&gt; We didn't really learn something about
[30:30] &gt;&gt; sailing. So, there's no personal connection &gt;&gt; to the content in comparison to this boy and whether or not they're dating, going to date or whatever. That said, it's slippery slope [snorts] &gt;&gt; and it's the kind of thing that comes with the evolution. So, when she was younger, it's much easier. It's about braces. Now, she's 15, she's 16. Of course, she's going to be dating and she's going to be interested in that. Not of course, I'm sorry. for her she's interested and so that's going to be happening. So then the question is do we share that as part of the content
[31:00] because that is relatable to our audience or do we not? And the way the way I fall on that if she's comfortable with it is if we are modeling a healthy relationship then I think it's okay. If it's gamified, I cheated on my boyfriend while this, you know, or is he cheating or do I who do I love or whatever, like if you gify in a way that's not personal, then I think that's when you might be uh pushing the boundaries a bit. So, in this video, if you watch the
[31:30] ending, uh the it was like the the whole context of that video is &gt;&gt; the dating video. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the dating video. whole context is Ko's a really sweet kid and he they had gone out &gt;&gt; privately &gt;&gt; on a official date. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Privately. &gt;&gt; And then he texted me for real privately and said, "Can I take her out again?" Which I thought very respectful. &gt;&gt; And I said, "Well, that's her decision,
[32:00] not mine. So, if she says yes, sure." And he wrote down five. I said, "What do you guys want to do?" And he wrote down five things that he would want to do with her. And then I said to say I said there's a fun idea here if you want to do it which is you guys can go on all five of these dates that he wanted to do on camera and then and then decide at the end if you want to go on another off- camerara date and that's what they decided to do. So it was kind of a fun version of dates but it showed their connection and then at the end they decided they did want to go on another date and then that's when I said on
[32:30] camera we're not going to show that nor are we really going to touch this anymore. So we we got to the point where we showed one version of it and then in my opinion I don't think we should go back to that topic &gt;&gt; because that's when it starts becoming super personal unless they both want to do that in which case we will. &gt;&gt; Did you feel pressure to say yes no &gt;&gt; to that idea? &gt;&gt; No, I don't feel pressure from my dad to say yes because we're very close and I don't really care if I say no. Like I know that he won't take it to heart about his idea so I don't really care.
[33:00] &gt;&gt; Do you feel pressure from the audience? Cuz like I I I would feel pressure when I was your age from the kids around me in high school. &gt;&gt; Do you worry about your relationship and the things about your personal life changing when you have an experience like this on camera? Like does any of that factor in? Cuz I know it would for me if I was your age. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I feel like I've definitely started to like care more about what people think, I guess. But I still don't really care. I feel like when we film
[33:30] it's just like I'm talking to a camera. I don't think I'm like talking to millions of people that are watching the videos. So, I don't really care what people think. I want people to be happy. Like, I don't want them to be mad at me ever. But, if I see like a hate comment, like, it's okay. I don't really care that much because I don't know. I just don't care. And I feel like I'm pretty confident in like the videos we make. &gt;&gt; Wow. I saw your response video to some of the comments about when you guys shut
[34:00] down the American Dream Mall. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Take me through that cuz that felt like a huge inflection point for you guys. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Maybe set the scene. You're launching Sincerely Yours, your product in Sephora. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; You're doing it at the American Dream Mall. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Tell me what happened and and tell me about some of the response and how you handled that because there's a ton of commentary on TikTok afterwards. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Well, first we we like started thinking about Sincerely yours like two years ago. So then we started
[34:30] formulating it like about a year and a half ago and really going through the process and everything and I was definitely nervous that it wasn't going to sell or that nobody would care about it. So that definitely did bring me like a concern. But then we were flying to the American Dream Mall to go to the launch event and I was nervous no one would show up. And we get there and the night before we were just doing a rundown of everything, making sure everything was good. And there was already like 20 people waiting outside
[35:00] and it was probably like 9:00 p.m. 10:00 p.m. And I was like, "Wo, like people might actually be here." And then I went to bed and I woke up and I accidentally woke up late. I woke up with 10 minutes until we had to leave. And I was supposed to wake up 2 hours early. But I woke up and my dad's calling me and he's like, "There's a lot of people here." So then I go to the mall and I got taken through the back way there and I was like, "Wow." Like the entire mall is filled up. That's crazy. &gt;&gt; And and just to put this in perspective, this is like over 80,000 people.
[35:30] &gt;&gt; Yes. And not even all the people were like in the spot that my dad was because there was another entrance where people were because there was too many. And I was like, "That's insane." Then I go out and I was on stage for like five minutes. I was telling everybody to like move back and then I got taken off stage by the police officers and my dad was like Salish where are you going because we still had 20 more minutes and then they ordered 100 state troopers to come to the mall because there was too many people there and I was like wo like this
[36:00] actually might be dangerous for the people and I was very concerned and I just wanted to say hi to everybody and I felt so bad and I was already like I was in the back room and I was already seeing so many Tik Toks about how angry angry people were. And all I wanted to do was go outside and say like, "I'm so sorry. Like, thank you for coming. I have to go." But then they the police officer said that they would like find us for trespassing if we didn't leave in 5 minutes. Oh. Or arrest us. Yeah. &gt;&gt; The cops would arrest you guys.
[36:30] &gt;&gt; Yes. They would arrest us. &gt;&gt; If we went out into the mall to try and say hi to anybody, they were going to arrest us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; For trespassing. &gt;&gt; And we had 5 minutes to leave. &gt;&gt; Everybody was there to see you guys. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. But what their concern was that there would be a a this is I can't even believe I'm saying this, a stampede. We couldn't go anywhere because everybody was spread out throughout the mall. They would all hear that she was there and they would all come running back and we they couldn't guarantee everybody's safety in that situation. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Even the meet and greet, they allowed her to do it, but basically pushed her
[37:00] in there without saying hi to anyone along the way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I only got to like I got like 10 seconds with each person and if they took longer they would be like no you got to go you got to go and I felt so incredibly bad &gt;&gt; because yeah because the line had gotten very much longer than the meet and greet line for people waiting. So it was just overall it was it was an insane thing. I mean my understanding &gt;&gt; is that other than the Sidemen uh Wimblely Stadium events this is the
[37:30] biggest creator event that's ever happened. That's that's my understanding. I mean, I doubt it, but you know, in terms of the new the new world of creators, it's like 87,000 people is a ton of people. &gt;&gt; And we had never done an event before. We' never done a meet and greet outside of a VidCon thing. &gt;&gt; So, we legitimately had no idea who how many people would be there. We heard stories about um people flying from all over the world. One story that got Okay, so this we we went back the next day. So, we stayed overnight, posted that we
[38:00] would be back at the mall. anybody that came uh that missed seeing us, please come and say hi. So, we were there and met a bunch of people and one woman told me her story. She's a single mom uh paying her way through college, two kids, drove down from Canada. All her kids wanted to do was to like meet Salish and get a hoodie. And they were smooshed in the middle of crowds and there was pushing and shoving. And a lot of parents lost their minds. I mean, if you start going through Tik Toks, you'll
[38:30] hear like parents were pushing kids out of the way to get their kid in front of the line. And these these two girls had just cried all night, not because they they had she had spent all her savings to bring them there. And so when I met her, um, of course, you know, we got her address to send her hoodies, did photos of the kids, I offered to, uh, reimburse her for her travel and she's absolutely deni. I I'm still emailing back like, "Please accept the money." She's like,
[39:00] "I don't want the money." The fact that they were able to meet her and get the hoodies all that mattered, but that's two people, you know, &gt;&gt; on the next day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The next day, &gt;&gt; 85,000 people might have left unhappy. And there was it was just not the best preparation um from, you know, people who who we had entrusted to make sure it went well. And also no way to anticipate that many people. &gt;&gt; Yeah. H how did you deal with that,
[39:30] Salish? I mean, did those negative comments get to you? Because I I pulled one up here that came from an adult, &gt;&gt; you know, and &gt;&gt; um I'm just curious like like Jordan, do you shield her from negative comments like this? Like say, "Do you try to turn off Tik Tok and YouTube?" Like, um like this was one that was like, "Oh my god." &gt;&gt; Hey guys, so I just saw this video. Mind you, she's been exploited since the day she was born. &gt;&gt; What?
[40:00] &gt;&gt; And here's the thing. You don't know me. You don't know my dad. And you never asked us like what the truth is. So, could you please stop making assumptions about us? Because it is really hurtful to say that much bad stuff about my dad when my dad would never do that. Well, I mean, God, &gt;&gt; I think that we got a lot of hate. Honestly, I think that it was deserved a little bit because we couldn't meet up to the standards that
[40:30] we set. That really made me sad that I couldn't meet everybody because that was kind of all I wanted to do. Like I was telling my dad when they were planning the event like I want to meet the people like can we make sure we have like I can meet them and that was definitely a sad like I was really sad that we couldn't meet them. And I also think that people didn't fully understand the story. Like they probably just thought we left because we just wanted to. But then we made a video about like everything and
[41:00] what happened and then I think everybody kind of understood more. But yeah, it was it was just not a very &gt;&gt; It was rough. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I've I've got I've obviously gotten a lot of hate, right? I mean, like I work with my daughter, so you're just set up for oh, you're a bad guy. You work with your kid. You're take keeping all the money. you're exploiting her. I that happens all the time. Uh, a lot of comments about my age, about the fact I'm cringe, like all that. None of them matters. But reading the seeing the Tik Toks that these kids were upset, that
[41:30] like that really hurts because like I value that relationship with them more than anything on the channel other than my relationship with her. So, the fact that we let them down in a way felt like we let her like I felt emotionally as if I had let her down and that was really rough. So that so that part I felt I felt horrible about. If you watch the video, you'll see we both felt terrible the whole time. &gt;&gt; So if we ever do it again, it'll be different. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is there a part of you as a parent who doesn't want S to see these comments?
[42:00] Like I mean these are hard to internalize like even as an adult. &gt;&gt; Um like does any part of you want to be like &gt;&gt; let's shut this whole YouTube channel down. Let's end this. Like this this is like getting too out of hand. &gt;&gt; I would shut the channel down a second if I thought it was the better choice for her. But I think and tell me what your reaction would be if we did that. I think it would be really upsetting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. &gt;&gt; It's interesting to hear about like there's comments about you, Salish, but there's also comments about you, Jordan,
[42:30] that that you mentioned. Can I read one of them? &gt;&gt; Sure. I bet there's a bunch. &gt;&gt; Do you watch the videos that are made about you, the commentary videos? &gt;&gt; I don't watch them. &gt;&gt; Um, there's a lot that's said out there. I think any YouTuber that gets popular. Um, and I thought it was interesting you you mentioned like these comments don't get to you or like they, you know, the ones that you see. I I I I it would be hard for me to stomach some of this stuff. Um, this is a quote from a YouTube video about you where they said Jordan Manner might not be the first to monetize his children for content, but
[43:00] he represents a worrying trend, &gt;&gt; one that treats childhood as a commodity and where privacy is sacrificed for the sake of YouTube money. &gt;&gt; What do you say to people who make those comments? &gt;&gt; I see their point. like if you're looking at it from a distance and you don't know any of the specifics, you know, yeah, sure. There there is a trade-off. As a matter of fact, I I I I would say anybody that sits here and works with their kid and says it's great. You don't really I don't know that. Like I I'm only trying to do everything I can to make sure that we
[43:30] give it the best chance of it having been a positive impact on her life. But you don't know for sure if her age right now and as she's evolving in into a a young woman and her self-perception and what she values if all of that is under a microscope every day and whatever you do she goes out with somebody and it ends up on TikTok. I don't necessarily think that that's great. So there so there is an aspect of it that is always like we have to manage
[44:00] that and has a lot to do with who she is. She specifically somehow is a very rare person that is able to absorb this at her age. And I'm not saying like it's true. Like what she's saying is true. Like she just doesn't care and she doesn't care about being famous, right? I mean like we don't even use that word. She's not really famous. Like Taylor Swift is famous. She is very recognizable to a certain demographic of people and those people feel very
[44:30] invested in her life. and we're very fortunate that they care, but at the same time, those people don't know the situation. So, they have no idea what our relationship is, but there is an aspect of it that you have to be very aware of when you're raising kids in in a public environment. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, yeah, productions are chaotic environments, let alone &gt;&gt; with a father and daughter dynamic later on. &gt;&gt; You [clears throat] have the fatherdaughter dynamic. You have the fact that we're trying to make a 30-minute video in one day, and we're doing it every week. So, the creative process is always rushed. So, we're we
[45:00] film on Sundays, Saturday, midnight, we're still working through the creative, as you saw. We show up. We're making stuff up. One thing goes wrong. This build is taking too long. It's dominoing everything. We're like, "Hurry up. Hurry up." There's no chance we're going to finish this video. Hold on to the trucks. Hold on to the builds. Hold on to everything. Leave it somewhere close here. I mean, I don't really know what else to do. We just should not stop filming. Either we're filming her doing stuff in there the whole time or we're doing, you know, or
[45:30] we're going to the mall or something cuz you're just not going to have minutes of her, I don't think, given the fact that we got so delayed with the build. &gt;&gt; Big smile. Sish, ready, guys? Please go. &gt;&gt; Sish, go. &gt;&gt; Today was a Today was a super stressful video. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was crazy today. &gt;&gt; But I kept you away from that because I'm a good dad. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, I didn't want you to feel that pressure. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Uh-huh. Okay. So, I guess we'll end it on that note. &gt;&gt; That was an unusually frustrating video. &gt;&gt; Yeah.
[46:00] &gt;&gt; Um, but I was still frustrated at times. Um, and I try to separate that out if I'm if I'm frustrated by something, try to talk respectfully to the person and not involve Salish because I'm absolutely never frustrated with her. Her her energy and her commitment is like unbelievable. And I think she often lifts everybody's up. I remember one time one time uh I'm telling all these stories about myself that don't sound good but it's the truth and everybody goes through it. I was having a Do you remember the thing with me and Sandy? Do you want to tell it? &gt;&gt; I don't remember the exact words and you
[46:30] probably remember better. &gt;&gt; I was I was I my the production partner Sandy Chase. He and I started the channel together. We have been doing this the whole time way before Salish and uh we we can definitely have a very um open relationship with each other. &gt;&gt; Also, it's because you guys are very close. You've known each other for a long time. &gt;&gt; We have short hand on things &gt;&gt; and if I'm snippy, it's almost always to him. I'm sorry, Sandy. And but there was
[47:00] one time I I stepped over the line and I said something. we were in the room and and you know she was older now but I said um some something out of line like no I'm telling you this needs to happen now it was like something like that which is way out of line and Salish who before would have shut down when she was younger or got upset or something cuz she would have she just pulled me offside she said that whatever's going with you going on with you you got to get it together so why don't you get out of here and figure it out and then come
[47:30] back when you're ready [laughter] to film it's like wow. She like put me in my place. This was a couple years ago, right? This is you about 13 then. &gt;&gt; So she had transitioned in that year from really internalizing it and thinking it's about her to recognizing no this is your thing and your thing that's very inappropriate way to discuss to talk about this. So go get it together. And so I came back I apologized to him. I was super upset
[48:00] with myself and we moved on. &gt;&gt; And after that, my dad hasn't really done anything like that. That was a on a very rare occasion. Like that doesn't happen every day. And most of the time, my dad's very nice because I learned some of my manners mainly from my dad and &gt;&gt; and mom. His mom is the nicest human in the life. She would never speak to anybody like that. So again, Sandy, I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, what other creative differences or what have been some of the biggest disagreements you guys have
[48:30] had? Because I I think naturally between a father and daughter that happens. Um, you guys working together must put that into overdrive. &gt;&gt; We haven't had too many big disagreements and I think part of that is because Rowan, he's the creative director now and I've known him since I was born and he kind of helps me through the video so that it's not my dad directing me and helping me through that. And I think that that's made a huge difference in the creative process because now I have somebody that's like my brother helping me instead of my dad.
[49:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. I thought that was really interesting when I was behind the scenes with you guys. Like you went off to shoot your bit and your segment. It was almost this competition between you two and then you went with Rowan who was almost like your director and the person who you were making your content with. So you guys were actually for a lot of the shoot in separate places. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that part of that is a is a a YouTube calculation. We have one day to film. Yeah.
[49:30] &gt;&gt; Storytelling, but it also makes the videos longer, which is prioritized by YouTube. So, and the retention gets higher because you're cutting back and forth between two different scenes versus playing one long scene. Sorry, just a little bit of YouTube stuff there. But in terms of the Rowan thing, that's been critical. and I've just turned more and more responsibility for her storyline over to him. And also Dell, the production manager, is is she's going back and forth between us, but she's also she she's the primary
[50:00] female on set, so she is often with say, and they're very tight, too. So, she has these two people plus Colin who's filming. She usually has this this this this trifecta of pe of young adults who are much closer than her age, much more interested in the stuff she's interested in, you know, like they're all dating, for example. I can't really relate to all that stuff. As Sish is becoming a young woman, that connection between her and them is super important. &gt;&gt; Do you guys feel pressure to shoot more
[50:30] days? Because like condensing a YouTube video into one day, &gt;&gt; like that's a lot. And even when when I was on set, I saw how much went into that one day to film that video. Like, do you ever feel pressure to be like, "Hey, Sish, we need more time on camera with you." &gt;&gt; No, he never asks me really to have more time, like another day to film or anything. I think I can, for the most part, understand like, oh, we need another day to film this because we've not gotten everything. So, sometimes we
[51:00] do like a little bit more, but not really. He never asks me to do another day because he understands that I just want to live my life and be a normal teenager. &gt;&gt; It's a deal. It's an agreement we made. So, I take it really seriously and and and that's where sometimes if I do get frustrated, it's usually towards the last third of the day because things are slow and I'm and the thing that gets me is is always her. Like, she's got to get to sleep. She's got homework. We need to wrap this
[51:30] up. And if it if we don't wrap it up quickly, then she's gonna get a headache. She's gonna get tired. She's not going to get dinner. She's not going to get enough sleep. And so I start worrying about her. I if I see her, &gt;&gt; this is also why it's not bad for me to be over there cuz sometimes &gt;&gt; because a lot of the Well, you No, go ahead. A lot of the times like my dad's not with us and I might be sitting out for like 5 minutes taking a break getting water and my dad comes over and he's like, "Why is she not doing anything? Like I want her to be able to go home. Why is she just sitting?" And that's like exactly when you come like
[52:00] whenever he comes it will be like I'm just sitting down and I don't sit down for most of the day. &gt;&gt; No, you don't. It's not it's not so much you sitting down at all. &gt;&gt; It's just like I'm waiting until we can start filming. &gt;&gt; The bigger thing is the expression I see. If I come in and you guys are sitting there and you're going I have no like I will never have a problem with that. Like sit there for an hour is totally great because you're you're you're having a good time. But if you look tired or if you look like you have a headache or you tell me that you're hungry or something,
[52:30] &gt;&gt; it triggers me because I feel so protective of her time and her space and I don't want her to ever feel like YouTube is a job or anything she doesn't want to do that then is when I go, "Okay, we got to get this done right now." And then that tone then it spirals because then she sees that I'm frustrated. It kicks up something from when she was younger and then all of a sudden now she's like, "Dad, it's fine." And then there's a little bit of tension and it's all because I saw that she wasn't happy and I feel bad as if she's
[53:00] I'm as almost as if I'm making her do something that doesn't make her happy and I overreact to that moment. So that's what more and more now especially towards the end when she might be getting tired I say Rowan please wrap this up as soon as possible because we need to go but I'm going to be over here so there's no extra tension about that. Hm. And then you could also continue shooting your story line. Like it's almost the way you set up the format of the episodes give you more time if Salish can't shoot as much. &gt;&gt; Right. If we do a if we do a video for example where we're doing two different
[53:30] locations or something, I might be able to go back to that location another time. But usually we wrap together so I can bring her home. &gt;&gt; Got it. Um, another moment from that shoot that has just like stuck in my heart. Um I &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; uhoh &gt;&gt; like can I can I play this? Like this is &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; This &gt;&gt; Can you not start crying if you watch this? &gt;&gt; I'm not going to cry watching myself cry. I promise. &gt;&gt; Like I I I'm not I'm not kidding. Like I I I couldn't believe um just how just
[54:00] yeah like emotional this moment was on on set and and seeing you start crying Jordan like and talking about what you did. I'm just wondering if you could play the clip and maybe elaborate on on some of that. Um, &gt;&gt; every week I'm making a memory with my daughter and the fact is is I know there's more memories in the past than there are in the future with this content. Okay. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; That's beautiful, Jordan. &gt;&gt; No, it's it's just like it's so special. like she can't see me do this because
[54:30] it's like too emotional for her. But I what I get to do is I get to be with her every week creating something that resonates with people and it's like we get to bond and it's like there's so many memories like if you look back it started when she was 10 or eight or something. It's like the memories there I will look back and forever. My only fear is that she looked later and say that she didn't enjoy that. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's why everything is built to make sure that she does.
[55:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm crying. Don't look. &gt;&gt; No, it's good. You weren't supposed to be here. &gt;&gt; Why are you crying? &gt;&gt; Just cuz I started Okay, the truth is I started talking about what it would be like when we do our last video. &gt;&gt; Rowan, he's crying. &gt;&gt; He said he started talking about what it's going to be like on our last video. &gt;&gt; I got busted. I cannot believe she just caught me. Like, I did not see her. I saw your eyes. I was like, "What's he looking at? What's he looking at? And then suddenly S. There's nothing more cringe for a teen than seeing their
[55:30] parent cry about them. &gt;&gt; Seeing your dad get emotional. It doesn't get you choked up. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; That's so weird. I don't like when he cries. &gt;&gt; That is getting me choked up. Like &gt;&gt; I think it's going to be sad when we film our last video. &gt;&gt; But I won't cry thinking about it. I mean, I think &gt;&gt; he's just being a little weird. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Um Okay. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay.
[56:00] &gt;&gt; No, that thing about the thing if the the thing about you uh regretting it is that that's really always been my driving thing. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; I thought her reaction was funny. &gt;&gt; You were not having it. &gt;&gt; Yes. [laughter] Because &gt;&gt; what teen would be. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's rough. I mean, look, let's give Salish an insane amount of credit because every week I get on camera and I do stuff that is embarrassingly cringe. even if I'm trying to be the coolest person possible. She's a 15year-old who every week does a video with her dad and her dad is not chill. It's like I'm not
[56:30] a cool chill guy. I'm over the top guy. That's embarrassing. And the fact that she's willing to put that out there to so many people every week says that we do have a bond and that she and also says she's confident enough in herself to allow that person to uh to exist in her hemisphere and be proud of him still. stuff like that, however, [laughter] she will not tolerate as easily. So, that kind of thing never happens in our videos. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Sish, do you ever just want to spend
[57:00] time with your dad like not making YouTube videos? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; And and what does that look like? Cuz like seeing that, you know, I I I have a daughter and I think about when she gets older, she's going to have so many other commitments, you know, whatever extracurricular she does, her friends. Um, and you only have so many years with them at home. Um, &gt;&gt; like, yeah. How do you think about this built-in day where you make YouTube videos together? Um, do you wish you guys were doing something off camera? Do you like that it exists? Like what what's your take on that? &gt;&gt; I think like we don't only hang out when
[57:30] we film Sundays. It definitely has brought us a lot closer because like when we lived in New York and he wasn't filming with me, like I didn't really get to see him too much because he was always working, which wasn't a bad thing. I've gotten so close to him now. So, I'm so lucky that we can do YouTube videos every Sunday. And I think that like I don't have to build in time to hang out with him. It kind of just happens inevitably. Like he just like takes me to Target or like we just do
[58:00] random things. And even though I'm I'm like pretty busy and I kind of always have something going on, I always like allow my dad into that and let him come with me for whatever. Is there anything that's off limits like in terms of filming? And &gt;&gt; I think that a couple of my relationships I've kept it's kind of private like my school friends or like my sports friends like I don't put them on the internet because I think that just kind of make us uncomfortable and
[58:30] yeah. &gt;&gt; How do you think about that? like as sales as you grow older like there's more things that are private for &gt;&gt; and there's pressure with the algorithm on YouTube to make it public and a lot of people feel any pressure about yeah tell me how you wrestle with them &gt;&gt; as long as she is enjoying making the videos I don't care what we're making them about she can set any parameter she wants and I'll work within them she could say I want to do all white room videos and I just want you to direct or I want you to be over there watching and
[59:00] I would be totally happy with that as long as we get to spend the time together and she's having fun. You know, like we a few months ago, it might have been longer than that, but you know, we went for a drive to Fresno. It was a 5-hour drive, right? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And she's teen girl, never picked up her phone, you know, we just yapped for five straight hours. It was awesome. I I it's like to to have the kind of relationship where we can get in a car and we're like there was a time recently where I don't
[59:30] know if you remember this these people that watch our videos saw us at Target and they were behind us and we were pushing the carah and they came up and they said oh my god you're just like you are in the videos and to me that is the biggest compliment because we don't really put on anything. I think we probably I add maybe 20% energy. You might add like 30 or 40% more energy, but it's the same relationship. It's just amplified a bit because it's entertainment, but it's the same core of who we are.
[60:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you guys have an exit plan? Like, you know, s do you think you'll ever call it quits or or what happens if one day you're like, "Dad, I don't want to make YouTube videos anymore." &gt;&gt; Question. I don't think I'm really ever going to unless like I go to like like I really I think I want to go to college and I don't know how I'm gonna still be making YouTube videos then. I really obviously want to and that's a huge part of like what I'm thinking about like what I've been thinking about recently because I love filming so much. But I
[60:30] don't think I would ever randomly just be like, "Hey, like I don't want to do YouTube videos anymore because yeah, I don't know." &gt;&gt; But but it might get harder. I mean, if you go to college somewhere like away from where you live, like logistically. &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, I'm going to be in the dorm next door. I mean, that's obvious. [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, one of one of we have talked about an exit strategy, and this is something that I I would say I've only recently become comfortable saying that I think she's in this for a bit as opposed to
[61:00] I've always felt up until this point that it's it at any point she might say I, you know, I want to try other things. But we do have an exit strategy and and I think part of the exit strategy is the fact that I also think we can't just stop suddenly because of the audience. &gt;&gt; That would be I mean when you hear the reception at the mall, &gt;&gt; they're invested and we really really um we respect that and we definitely uh feel grateful for it. So if we were to
[61:30] do that, we'd almost have to let them ease out of it as much as we'd need to ease out of it. So, we've talked about like a long and hey, in January at the end of this year, we're we're going to maybe stop doing YouTube for this reason. And then so then they they know, okay, farewell tour. &gt;&gt; The farewell tour on YouTube. &gt;&gt; If you decide to call it quits. &gt;&gt; Exactly. I mean, there's there's always a you know, it's going to call quits at some point. That's what I was saying. I think I don't think there's going to be
[62:00] another five years of it because she's going to be going to college. Maybe it's up to her in a few years. So, at some point, it's either the channel is just going to start doing this and then every creator has to make that decision. Do we just keep going and going even though nobody's interested anymore? Um, and I think if we're having fun, why not? Um, or she might decide she doesn't want to do it, in which case we have to strategize about that. &gt;&gt; Have you come close to thinking that? Like, &gt;&gt; no. I think that if I
[62:30] &gt;&gt; I don't know. I've also been thinking about college a lot recently because I mean next year I'm like gonna have to start like really thinking about like what college I want to go to and all of that stuff. And up until this point, I've really wanted to go to college and I still really do. But I've been thinking about maybe like just a little bit because I love filming so much that I don't want it to just end like just because I have to go to college. And yeah, &gt;&gt; and I think that
[63:00] when she said first of all that makes me so happy. You have no idea. But when she says that, I think that's primarily because of the environment of the shoot. And we are also very aware that we are in an incredible moment. We talk about it all the time like we have built somehow one of the very top channels on the platform and this doesn't happen and it probably when we go like this it won't happen again. So we should really enjoy where we're at
[63:30] right now. Ironically we're never seen as one of the top channels. every you go you're invited to every single YouTube event. How often do you see me there? It's not because I'm turning them down. It's because I'm not invited. Never invited. And the reason I'm not invited is because I'm working with my daughter. And so it's it's about the perception of that and what that represents because of all the negativity surrounding it. Even though what we're
[64:00] doing is very algorithm, YouTube driven, it's very, you know, friendly, advertiser friendly content, it's very popular, but it doesn't fit in the demo of of how YouTube represents itself. So other YouTubers don't really think of us as So I think that event was the first time &gt;&gt; the Sephora. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The first time where people like, wait, &gt;&gt; that doubled Mr. Beast? Who are you? Like who who is she? The articles are like, I don't even know who this person
[64:30] is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And she got she filled Metife Stadium. She got 87,000 people there and I have no clue who she is. And it so it didn't just help our brand. It also just brought focus and attention to not just YouTubers, but specifically to the family genre &gt;&gt; and the deep connection that people feel to family creators. &gt;&gt; Do you feel disrespected by other YouTubers because you guys are a family? disrespected. I feel ignored and I don't
[65:00] even have a problem with it. I get it. I get it. You know, I do. But um &gt;&gt; why why &gt;&gt; just because I think people look at say and they're like, "Yeah, of course she's funny." You know, and it's only kids that are watching you. Oh, yeah. Yeah. They're all under 10, so that's easy. But me, I I I do serious content that 15-year-olds watch, right? It's not true. None of it's true. I mean, adults watch our
[65:30] content, teens watch our content, kids, like everybody watches it. It's just the perception and we don't pay attention to perception. So, instead, we pay attention to the audience. And so, we build the audience, but we haven't built the relationship with the creator community in the way that they would give back. &gt;&gt; What has been the craziest thing that's happened since that American Dream Mall, 87,000 people, like massive crowd? Like has there been people reaching out that you would have never expected? Have there been deals? Like that was a moment.
[66:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that was a moment. Like &gt;&gt; what's been the most exciting thing that has happened other than your product selling out in Sephora, which was, you know, was the the the big point of the event, but any other like deals or in like, oh my god, I can't believe that person's reaching out. &gt;&gt; I mean, definitely a lot of them. Um, I don't know. Can I say I mean like there have been so many things that have come up recently which &gt;&gt; I think it's a tough moment to say it right because there's a lot of opportunities that are coming in for her and for the channel and to know which
[66:30] ones we're going to go with and but a lot of stuff I'll say that we had some meetings scheduled for um with Netflix and Disney and others in terms of uh shows. So I I can't say what but that and they were already scheduled but after the event uh the people that attended those meetings were the decision makers &gt;&gt; and decisions were made very quickly in our favor um but within minutes after the meetings um offers were made and
[67:00] that doesn't happen and I think a lot of it has to do with the perception that you it's hard to argue anymore that she and we have made an impact on a lot of people And now people are trying to monetize that and we are not interested in that or at least she isn't. So there's a lot of huge offers that you would have never imagined would be a reality and that we're not going to do it. &gt;&gt; Wow. Has there been anything you've been chasing to get that has now come in your
[67:30] lap because of this American Dream Mall 87,000 people crowd? Like &gt;&gt; your singing career? &gt;&gt; Your singing career? [laughter] &gt;&gt; I hate that. &gt;&gt; No, I don't have a singing career. Wait, what's that? &gt;&gt; Can you guys cue one of her uh [laughter] &gt;&gt; cue one of her songs out? Okay. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; what labels are reaching out to turn you into &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; an artist? &gt;&gt; Actually, yes. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; But do you sing Salish? &gt;&gt; No, I don't. &gt;&gt; But that doesn't they don't care &gt;&gt; because do you have a massive audience? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So they're like, let us &gt;&gt; She's already got an offer to for with a
[68:00] major uh recording label to just put out some songs there. They're like, "We'll make it sound good and then we can teach you how to sing for a tour." She's like, and she said, quote, "I can't think of the name I want to do less than that." [laughter] So that's So what what you have there is a label saying, "Hey, we want to turn you into the next Sabrina Carpenter or whatever." And her going, "Nah, yep. That's that's her." &gt;&gt; Is any of that appealing though? Like I
[68:30] imagine a lot of kids your age talk about Sabrina Carpenter being the next big pop star. like like just to know that that could be a reality that you live in. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that that's like so cool that they want me to do that and I've never had any background with singing, but I think just singing is something that I really would not want to do or pursue. So yeah, &gt;&gt; it is it is an interesting commentary on the industry that it's like is audience more important than talent? &gt;&gt; I don't even think there's a question.
[69:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. like not not to come like because you said it yourself like singing is not one of your many talents but that because of your massive audience they're willing to make an exception. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; the way I see all this is um our foundation and our priority is making videos. I don't see where anything could get better than that. You know I mean I love that she has opportunities if she chooses to pursue them. She wants to be an actor, singer, whatever. I think the door will be open for a while. But we get to make our own rules. It we
[69:30] we get more views than most shows. We have an audience built in and we get to do it the way we want to do it with no pressure. &gt;&gt; There isn't a lot that anybody can offer us other than that. As long as we stay true to that and still make videos that the audience enjoys and that and that touches them. We try to make videos that resonate that have a message that parents can appreciate what we're saying so that it's not just pure popcorn entertainment. And what I see for her is in a way somewhat similar to what my son
[70:00] is doing. So my son Hudson has has worked on our channel also created his own YouTube channel. It was really successful and then he has now branched out to create a company called NextWave Media which is a consulting company and it consults brands and celebrities on being YouTubers. I think that's brilliant. like he rather than chasing the the the Jimmy route of like I want to be a bigger and bigger creator because he saw there's a shelf life and he saw there's no exit to that if you're not in the video you're not making money
[70:30] and you're you're not you know and so he's taking that opportunity and he's building into a business and I think that Salish is also doing that with sincerely yours and will have other opportunities to do it as well where she she's has a platform and then she can say okay I've started a company and I have a platform I can do this, this, or this now. And she can kind of call the shots and he can call the shots. That's what's great about YouTube and social media now is once you find success,
[71:00] you have endless opportunities to create your own thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I did want to talk about Hudson like your brother um cuz he is like so smart at YouTube like he is very sharp. Um, and I wanted to ask like Sish, is there any jealousy between you and your brother Hudson with you being the star of the channel and him having a separate channel? &gt;&gt; Um, no, not really because Hudson has created so many incredible things that I couldn't create and I've created some things that he doesn't want to create.
[71:30] And I think that we do very different things even though we're in the same kind of space. It's like he just created a um business about YouTube, but I don't know if I could create that cool of a business. So, I think we both definitely have different things that we're good at. &gt;&gt; Yeah, your content is totally different. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. &gt;&gt; Um, was there a moment, Jordan, where you ever consider making Hudson a bigger part of the channel? Cuz there there was a few videos that I pulled up here of when Hudson was on your channel and they actually performed really well and I'm
[72:00] wondering like h how did like and and Salish was in videos later. How did you like end up with Salish being part of your channel versus Hudson having a separate channel despite his videos doing really well? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; On your channel. &gt;&gt; Well, the the question of whether or not I considered it almost suggests like a a calculation that there wasn't. So, it wasn't like I said, "Oh, I need to I need to pivot away from photography and
[72:30] which one of my kids am I gonna make into the channel, you know, face of the channel." It that wasn't it. It was that at the time that she and I started working together, Hudson was not interested in YouTube. He was interested in politics. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He was, if you look back, Hudson matter politics. Uh &gt;&gt; yes. So many videos. He was wearing his suit &gt;&gt; his suits and he was doing he was doing politics videos. He he was a political commentary. &gt;&gt; He was a volunteer, a political volunteer um when he was Salish's age and
[73:00] canvasing. He ran a whole group. He was the in charge of it was Michael Bloomberg in New York and he was in charge of the whole Bloomberg campaign for a certain region. So &gt;&gt; that was his interest. So when she and I were working together, he he had no interest in being in the YouTube in the channel at all. And you'll see he's not really in it at that se that time. Since that he made his own channel, but he wants to do his own thing. And I think part of his his the way he sees all of this is, okay, you guys have done your thing. I don't want you dad to help me.
[73:30] I want to know that I did this on my own. And he's able to do it on his own in a way that when he is able to reach the success he wants, he will know he did that without any help from me. None. He will not accept it. He will not accept any financing. He will not accept any advice or any connections or anything. So he really feels strong about doing it on his own. I I I respect that. &gt;&gt; If Sish is a star of the YouTube channel, why is the channel called Jordan Mander? &gt;&gt; Great question. People have asked me
[74:00] that a lot. What do you think? &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, I think that like I have made like the joke like, "Oh, it's my YouTube channel." But it's obviously is my dad's. Even as much as I work like on Sundays, I think that my dad should always get a lot of the credit because he is the one doing so much of the work. So, I mean, I think that's a big part of why it's still called Jordan Matter and it's just more recognizable for people like it's been Jordan Matter for like 10
[74:30] years. So, why would I change it to Salish Matter? Why would my dad change it? It just doesn't make sense. &gt;&gt; Has there been discussion to change it to Jordan and Salish Matter? That way you kind of maintain existing brand and what the brand has become. &gt;&gt; I think it's a funny bit to keep going on with because people get so worked up about it like it's her channel and we kind of fuel that because I think there's a lot of fun stuff where what we argue about I also argue with the audience about so I'm like it's not her channel it's got my name on it and then
[75:00] everybody's like no it's her channel. No it's her channel. And so then there's um it it sparks this team Jordan versus team Salish thing which I think the audience absolutely loves and we love it too because we're very competitive with as individuals and with each other. &gt;&gt; So then when we are also putting out that it's her channel, it's my channel. It's just another aspect of competition. So &gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah, I saw that firsthand on on set when we were shooting together. &gt;&gt; The competitive part. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Yeah. You guys were going at it. I was like, wait, this is real. This is &gt;&gt; Yeah. I also want to break it down
[75:30] because you guys are getting 75 million views in a week, 300 million views in a month. And I think there's a ton of things that non-family or kid channels can learn from you guys about YouTube. I'm wondering like if you could break down some of your past videos. We analyze your different formats like any YouTube strategy tips that you guys have that you talk about. Um because I think you've mastered that in a way that you know a lot of people don't give you credit for. Um, one of the things that I think we do really well, and most
[76:00] channels don't do this is the variety of content we make. So, usually if you think of your favorite YouTuber, you're going to immediately know the video they're going to post next week. Like, you just know it. You don't know the exact title, but you know what it's going to look like. And we avoid that as much as possible. So, for us, one time will be a vlog about what the American Dream Mall was like, and then the next week it's a game of clue, which is uh completely opposite. And then there's a vlog about, you know, her morning routine and then she builds a secret room and there's all these different
[76:30] we're incorporating all of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I think so, so my feeling is each video should be a surprise to the audience and don't worry about the fact that it may or may not get views. Remember one time Salish the first suggestion for a video she ever made, what were you 10 for morning routine? And she said, "We should do a morning routine." I said, "Oh, say that's so 2017." Like nobody does anymore. I said, "Okay, we'll do it because you suggested and you want to do it and so for sure, but I just don't want you to think it's going to do well." [snorts] &gt;&gt; Ended up being a one out of 10 and it
[77:00] got 30 million views. And what that what then that opened up the floodgates to all kinds of night routine, day in the life video content that we wouldn't have done if we hadn't rolled the dice because that wasn't anything like what we were doing before that. And sometimes you got to take a chance and try something different because it might light a spark. Hm. What other tips or like like when it comes to clipping or you know your videos like I was on set for the production was just very uh methodical like anything that sales you've learned or Jordan you've learned from your experience that you think other creators could apply to their
[77:30] videos. &gt;&gt; Clipping uh we found that the audience likes to clip our content a lot. So now we are aware that there might be certain kinds of content they like to clip more. So we try to incorporate clipable moments into every video so that they have some fun stuff to clip. And so Salish had a huge presence on Tik Tok having no Tik Tok account. &gt;&gt; Oh, you don't have a Tik Tok account whatsoever. &gt;&gt; Now I do, but I didn't. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was recent. She kept getting banned Tik Tok. So she could she just
[78:00] couldn't do Tik Tok? Which is like, okay, that's fine. But if you looked up Salish on TikTok, there were literally thousands of accounts, but none of them were her &gt;&gt; like imposter accounts and people making &gt;&gt; or fan accounts or whatever, you know, like people that were celebrating the content is the way we see it and they were reposting it. And then not just um salish accounts, but just kind of anybody was. So, so we realized, for example, some of these videos, uh, the trapped video here, trapped in a tiny room, boys and girls trapped in a tiny room went insanely viral on TikTok due
[78:30] to a lie detector test at the end. And our number one traffic source was search above browse above suggested. It was search and it was a massive one out of 10. Usually, if you have search traffic, it means nobody can find the video and it's a it's a dud. It was because so much traffic was coming from Tik Tok due to all the clips, right? &gt;&gt; So finding what your audience likes and then creating clippable content for them to repurpose without you having to do it is really great. &gt;&gt; Was there an example in the Sephora
[79:00] shoot that I went behind the scenes of that you guys were like, "Oh, this is a moment that we're going to make for a clip." &gt;&gt; We haven't posted, as of the filming, we haven't posted that yet. &gt;&gt; Oh, you don't show the final edits to Salish? &gt;&gt; She won't look at them. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; I don't like watching myself. &gt;&gt; You don't Will you watch the final episode once it's on YouTube? &gt;&gt; Mm- &gt;&gt; No, [clears throat] she only sees it if it's on Tik Tok. see it on Tik Tok and sometimes I'm like, "Wait, why did you put that in [laughter] cuz sometimes I say something like that I wouldn't expect them to keep in and then they keep it in like &gt;&gt; was it you know the classic example of that? Do you remember that with Nadal?
[79:30] &gt;&gt; Do you want to quit right now because you're too scared and take the money you've earned?" &gt;&gt; Yeah, but it wouldn't be a long enough video. So, no. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It was like &gt;&gt; and I wouldn't expect them to keep that in. &gt;&gt; Like it's full on like it needs to be 30 minutes for the algorithm. Dad, I know you only have like a 20-minute video, so we got to shoot this scene and we left it in. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and then another, you know, another thing is authenticity is huge, right? So the au here's a great example of authenticity. We have this thing called the Matter Cup. It's a
[80:00] competition. It's a trophy. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um and I I had a feeling she would think it was cringe, so I didn't tell her we were going to do it. And what happened was I had it behind my back and I said, "This week we're gonna play for the Matter Cup." And I revealed it and she had this reaction like, "No, wait, what? No, that is so cringe." And we left that in. [snorts] And and the thing is, if you think about YouTube, you think of a family, you think about kids, what you'd expect is for the kids to go, "Yeah, Matter Cup, I'm going to win. Yeah." But
[80:30] that is so inauthentic to her or to her age group that if she had done that, people would be like, "Oh, really? you care about that and you're a team. So instead, we left in the au authentic reaction of her going, "That's cringe." Now [snorts] it's become a big thing. Everybody comes up to me and they're like, "Matter cup is cringe and I'm team Salish." And then they run away [laughter] and it has made her more authentic just because that's who she is and we've kept that part of her in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Even though it's a big trophy and big like really but a 15-year-old car.
[81:00] It's like it's like the kind of thing the dad cares about that the kid doesn't. So we just made it super authentic. And then the last thing I'll say because we haven't talked a lot about actual I mean we we are not reliant on her being charming to get views. We're reliant on understanding the audience's expectations and the algorithm and that's that's what leads to the retention. So what we found is that the the way I would say it is this. I've talked to a bunch of creators about this. Here's my formula. 80% of the success of a video is the packaging.
[81:30] It's the concept, right? It is the thumbnail and title. 80% cuz if they don't click it, they're not going to watch it. 20% is the actual execution. Of that 20%, 80% of that is the retention device. So really, the way I say it often is by the time we show up on set, we've already made we've the video is already successful or not based on what we chose to film. &gt;&gt; The rest of it is just window dressing. But if you're going to focus on something, focus on giving people a reason why they need to watch to the end, the first 30 seconds. And then make
[82:00] sure you get the length out so you get the AVD the APV above 50% but the AVD at least I'd say at least 10 minutes probably more like 15 minutes. &gt;&gt; Um you've been the king of pivots in many ways like before Salish came on the channel you were doing the 10-minute challenges before then you were doing head shot. Um like what advice do you have for YouTubers who are a bit older maybe stuck in their jobs or stuck in you know a rut like contentwise to find their thing in the way that you have like so much later in life?
[82:30] Is he calling me old? That sounded like you. So that that was He was like basically trying to say, "You're old. How are you so old and you're still doing this? You must have pivoted like a thousand times, right?" [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Off camera. John said at least this three times. You know, if I had blanket your age, I'll be really happy. Your age, if I can still Oh my god. &gt;&gt; You'll have it. &gt;&gt; No. No. Honestly, it's so I would say in terms of all the old people out there, the plus Well, I'm I'm like what? I think I'm almost 30. So like the you know the 30 plus
[83:00] &gt;&gt; Sorry. Sorry. I don't know. &gt;&gt; Somebody replay that reaction. Anybody get a closeup of that? No. Okay. Yeah, you got your camera. Anyway, uh I would the the the idea of pivoting is I I learned from Hudson. Tell you a brief story. When he was 10 and I was just starting YouTube and he gave me this advice. He said, "If you're lucky enough to get successful on YouTube, it's because you found a lane. But if you leave that lane, people are going to stop watching because that's not why they're there. But if you stay in the lane too long, they're going to get bored and they stop watching. So
[83:30] what you have to do is expand the lane while staying in it. It's like first of all, pretty great advice from a 10-year-old. So he always knew YouTube. And then second of all, just great advice. So what we did is the lane was photography and then eventually it was photographing Salish and then also it was like 10-minute challenges, then photographing celebrities, then photographing salish, then no photographing. So it was pivoting but not like I didn't go to cooking. I
[84:00] stayed within the lane and then it just kind of went this way slowly and before you know &gt;&gt; same highway different. &gt;&gt; Same highway different lane. &gt;&gt; And then how did you ultimately like do do you feel like you have to choose a lane that's close enough to what you did before before you go from photography challenges to fatherdaughter content? &gt;&gt; Yes, if if if you can. It's not always easy but yeah if you can. And then um we continue to pivot. like she is 15, you're going to be 16. That's a lot different content from when it was 10. But one thing has stayed the consistent, two things. One is that it's always been
[84:30] about relationships more than about um challenges, even though it's a challenge based channel. And number two, collaborations still. And most of the collaborations, it's not like they it's not that they're not on the thumbnails, but mo even though you don't see her and hardly anybody but her in any of these, &gt;&gt; most all of them had a collaborator. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, so we like to always work with different people. It keeps it fresh, but also you get into their algorithm. &gt;&gt; So, if you're start
[85:00] influences, you get to understand their process and uh you all share each other's algorithm. &gt;&gt; Um I'm curious like just to wrap, what what's been the biggest thing you guys have learned from each other? I know as a dad now like I'm learning more and more from my uh daughter and she's only two. Like I'm wondering um Jordan, what's something you've learned from Salish? And and Salish, what's something you've learned from Jordan? &gt;&gt; I mean, okay. So, I've learned a lot from Salish. So, uh, what I would say pro the first thing that came to mind is
[85:30] not necessarily the biggest thing I've learned, but the first thing I came to mind odds coming from an adult learning this from a kid, but don't be so concerned about what other people think is is at the core of I think why it's so enjoyable to wa to work with her and and to watch her on camera on screen. &gt;&gt; What about you, Sish? Um, I think I've learned so much from my dad, but I think the top thing is hard work and dedication because I mean, we haven't
[86:00] really missed a video in a while. And it's like he has so much drive every week. Even like if he hasn't thought of a video idea, even if it's two days before, he still works hard so that we can film on Sunday. &gt;&gt; And And why like you guys are set? Like why? Like why work at this? It's like why why you know you guys could be spending time and making those memories that are so important off camera. Like why so hard of this? &gt;&gt; It it's not it's not work. I mean
[86:30] there's &gt;&gt; you work your ass off during Saturday. I'm working my butt off. Sunday is a vacation day. Sunday I get to hang out with her and film. &gt;&gt; So if we didn't film on Sundays, there could be a lot of Sundays where she makes plans with her friends or something. I think I think the fact that we film actually keeps us closer together. It's not the opposite. It's not like we would dedicate the whole Sunday and go for a walk and talk about our feelings on the beach. We would be doing our own thing maybe. So I first of all I I see Sundays as as critical because it's another memory I get to build. And like I said earlier, I only
[87:00] have so many of them. So that's the number one thing that drives me is I just realize this is a very unique moment and very special and I want to take advantage of it every week. &gt;&gt; I'll give you guys a final word like where do things go from here? Like any big swings for the future? Like I know you guys have done such a great job of pivoting before you've had to with your content. I'm just curious like what do the next like few years hold for Salish and and Jordan Matter? &gt;&gt; I'd say for me as weird as this sounds I don't know. You would think that we
[87:30] would be fully super calculated like you know you you meet Jimmy and he's like oh we're going to do this and then three years this and we got five year this and a 10 year this. And for me I've always built it into I want her to have an exit ramp anytime she wants it. So, it's very hard to build long-term plans if I'm also saying I don't want you to feel pressured to have to do this if you don't enjoy it. So, we're really going to push hard on sincerely yours, I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that feels really exciting. The reception has been incredible. I think it's a real gift back to our community and it could be super uh
[88:00] popular product. So, that's probably where we're going to focus. And other than that, just making the best video we can every week. &gt;&gt; And S, any thoughts from you to close it out? &gt;&gt; I think the same thing as him. I also Yeah, I think the same thing as him. &gt;&gt; And she just wants to end by saying how grateful she is, how much she loves me, and she wants to give me a big hug right now to end it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay, that &gt;&gt; the hugging thing is like something that just goes away at a certain point. Parents out there, just so you know, it happens. Here we go. One more. Okay,
[88:30] &gt;&gt; keep that head small. &gt;&gt; Okay, we'll just do the hug. &gt;&gt; YEAH. &gt;&gt; OH, WA. WAIT, GET THIS ON CAMERA. DID YOU SEE THAT WAS ACTUALLY SHE ALMOST DID A HUG. DID YOU SEE LIKE THE HAND HALFWAY HUG? I got a halfway hug. &gt;&gt; Hi, Dad. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it won't happen for you for a while, but I saw Oh my gosh. I saw an Instagram of all of these clips of you giving me a hug when you were so young and like just like falling asleep, my arms and everything. And like, &gt;&gt; how do they have those clips? &gt;&gt; Well, not clips, like photos that I've posted wherever, you know? So, uh, and
[89:00] then it doesn't happen anymore. But, but it gets better. It actually gets better. I would not trade 8-year-old or six-year-old Salish for 15-year-old Salish. 15-year-old Salish is my favorite Salish. 19-year-old Hudson is my favorite Hudson. It just gets better every year. &gt;&gt; I mean, as a parent, that's amazing to hear. I I just appreciate you guys for being so open and honest and sish, you making this one of your first podcast talking about all this stuff. I know it's not easy, but uh I'm so grateful. And Jordan, thanks for coming on the show again and being such a just a mentor and and and support um and so
[89:30] many things I've been trying to do. It's means a lot. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. It's weird being your mentor as I'm younger than you, but I guess that, you know, that happens. I've achieved a lot at a young age. &gt;&gt; Imagine where I'm going to go when I'm 30 and 40. It's going to be crazy. [laughter] &gt;&gt; If you haven't already, go to ytackpack.com to get our free YouTube hackpack with all our best tools, tips, and templates to grow on YouTube today. From our intro and thumbnail templates to our 100 viral ideas for any niche, we constantly update it as we interview more creators so you get the latest and
[90:00] greatest for free. All right, thanks for watching.