# How MrBeast Made 30 Celebrities Fight for $1,000,000
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3uDq2a6piM
Date: 2026-01-08

[00:00] Have you ever seen this many celebrities in a YouTube video? &gt;&gt; Nervous celebrities. &gt;&gt; They're freaking out. &gt;&gt; Wait for me. Wait for me. &gt;&gt; I'm screwed. &gt;&gt; No. No. No. Tiffany, &gt;&gt; was it hard to get all these people in a room? &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's chaos right now. The Beast team has stations here for them to get their thumbnail photos, Instagram photos, short form content. &gt;&gt; What's different [music] about making a video with Mr. Beast? &gt;&gt; He finds a way to raise the stakes and that's what he does. &gt;&gt; Whoever is left standing wins $1 million. That's actually perfect. &gt;&gt; How many cameras on set today?
[00:30] &gt;&gt; Feel like 40 cameras. &gt;&gt; What's [music] the most expensive camera? &gt;&gt; They're the best camera in the world. They're half a million dollars each. &gt;&gt; This is a big reveal. &gt;&gt; A lot of shows have been filmed on this stage. &gt;&gt; Tons. They did [music] Seinfeld here in one episode. We spent what an entire season of one of those other shows cost. &gt;&gt; How do you think about the traditional digital worlds [music] coming together? &gt;&gt; Hollywood has a hard time understanding. I'm not here to prevent. I'm here to push forward. &gt;&gt; No. Come on. &gt;&gt; All right. Bye, Kevin. &gt;&gt; I didn't mean it. Please, man. &gt;&gt; Look at this little guy. &gt;&gt; Oh, she peed. He's only a multi-millionaire or four. Don't worry about it.
[01:00] &gt;&gt; We put an hour into this. &gt;&gt; You cheated. &gt;&gt; Security. &gt;&gt; Legendary crash out by Howie. &gt;&gt; So many actors where like honestly I'm terrified to do something like this. [music] &gt;&gt; Where's our boy Kevin? &gt;&gt; How's it going, man? &gt;&gt; Come say hi. Everyone's having a good time. &gt;&gt; This is pretty This is pretty big, man.
[01:30] &gt;&gt; Oh, this is crazy. &gt;&gt; This is the one of the largest LED floors in the wall. They're just running through some of the graphic. These walls open up. That's a million dollars for charity. Crazy. &gt;&gt; Holy &gt;&gt; I tracked 30 celebrities in this circle. Hey, and whoever is left standing gets to walk away with $1 million. &gt;&gt; It's interesting seeing Jimmy give [music] notes to Kevin Hart on a YouTube intro. be more concise, but he's bringing the energy. So, it's going to be awesome seeing these two worlds converge, traditional and digital, all
[02:00] in this YouTube video. We trap 30 celebrities in a circle, and whoever leaves last wins $1 million. &gt;&gt; How many games total? &gt;&gt; I think like six, seven. &gt;&gt; This is going to be crazy. Yeah, me and Kevin are co-hosting this YouTube video. That sounds crazy. We're co-hosting a YouTube video, not even a show. We got some big names here. I'm very excited. &gt;&gt; And then all the contestants are over here. &gt;&gt; What's up, man? How are you, bro? Whose idea was it to have? Look, if Dwight Howard's here, &gt;&gt; that means if there's anything physical,
[02:30] I'm screwed. &gt;&gt; Oh, look who it is. &gt;&gt; Look, y'all. You got in the building &gt;&gt; with Mr. Beast. &gt;&gt; We're playing games. &gt;&gt; So, now they finally got all the celebrities into a room. Jimmy and Kevin just came in after they did a run through. And I feel like the big challenge today is like, how do you squeeze out as much content from some of the busiest people in the world to get people out of here on time? And Jimmy's trying to not only film a video, but also make sure they get Instagram content. A lot of moving pieces. It's chaos right now. The celebrities are
[03:00] coming in. You see, some of them have vlog cameras, and some of them don't know how to use it, like Howie Mandel. &gt;&gt; You think I need a tutorial on this? I think I know what I'm doing. &gt;&gt; I think it's the first time he's ever used that vlog camera. Right before the shoot starts with the main YouTube video, the beast team has stations here for them to get their thumbnail photos taken, for them to get Instagram photos taken. The shorts team is going to try to have them do a few short form content. So, they're really trying to pack as much content. &gt;&gt; I didn't think we would be in the full. This is more official than I was
[03:30] expecting. [music] I have nothing to lose. I mean, yes, I have three kids and a wife, but other than that, I got nothing to lose. &gt;&gt; Steve was right behind us. Isn't that crazy? &gt;&gt; That I'm such a genuine attention &gt;&gt; It's so crazy. [music] I'm overwhelmed. Hello. How are you? &gt;&gt; Everybody call me baby if you [laughter] the best day of my life. &gt;&gt; How does it feel to see all of them in one room? My brain don't know how to work. So &gt;&gt; yeah, he's he's like speaking in like broken sentences. &gt;&gt; Look what we get to do, guys. I don't want to do &gt;&gt; We're moving. We're going to the set. Here we go. &gt;&gt; All right. I need everybody to hear her
[04:00] set. &gt;&gt; What are some of the games that we're going to play today? &gt;&gt; So you see the Teslas that won Lambo. They're going to have a chance to throw a red ball through those rings up there. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; To win a car for one of their biggest fans. &gt;&gt; And right now, like this is a big reveal. Like this wall. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. We do our reveal by lifting these walls up and opening these [music] little chambers. This room is going to change throughout the the video. We're going to close this door right here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the next time it opens, it's an entire kitchen setup that comes out here. Then it closes again and then it opens again. It's all red room with
[04:30] smoke and three giant red cubes come out and they just get put on the stage. So, it's constantly evolving, which is really cool cuz that Survivor one looks really good to your eyes. But when we wheel in to get a grip game from Survivor and we push the camera in, it looks like you're just on an island, which is pretty crazy. &gt;&gt; How did the idea for this video come about? &gt;&gt; Well, we had 50 YouTubers in a cube and that broke the world record for most views in 24 hours. So, why not run it back with celebs? &gt;&gt; Was it hard to get like all these people in a room like these are some of the busiest people in
[05:00] &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And a lot of them are just kind of like they've never done this whole It's funny hearing them say it. They're like, I don't really do this whole reality TV thing. They're more used to scripted roles and so the thought of being in an unscripted environment like terrifies them. [music] Like there so many actors that were like honestly I'm terrified to do something [music] like this. &gt;&gt; Wait for me. Wait for me. &gt;&gt; How does it feel being on a beast game set? &gt;&gt; It's big and that's what he does. He finds a way to raise the stakes. He's giving celebrities opportunity to participate on behalf of their charity. &gt;&gt; Kevin, I feel you're so forward thinking. I mean, you're doing videos
[05:30] with Kai and Drewki and now Jimmy. Like like how do you think about like the traditional digital worlds coming together? I think the business of entertainment and Hollywood has a hard time understanding what the world of streaming or influencer is and has become, but what people are responding to is not an accident. I'm not here to prevent. I'm here to push forward. &gt;&gt; What I want is you to be free. That's the thing. And that's why I said you have a camera guy that'll literally just be like, you know, if you want to walk over and just sit over on that side for no reason at all, you can just grab the camera guy and do it. Like, you're free to do whatever.
[06:00] &gt;&gt; It's the Kevin Hart. &gt;&gt; You guys ready? Yeah, &gt;&gt; let's do it. &gt;&gt; Get out of here. &gt;&gt; Open the wall. &gt;&gt; What are you talking? &gt;&gt; Come on in, everyone. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Enter our circle. &gt;&gt; Holy mackerel. &gt;&gt; Let's kick off the first game. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; That's not just one, but five shiny cars, including this $250,000 Lamborghini. For game one, if you manage to throw a dodgeball through any one of
[06:30] those five hoops, we will give your biggest fan the car. Oh my god, [cheering] &gt;&gt; we just went to wardrobe to get into our [music] white outfits. &gt;&gt; Darius, Jordan, push back in. &gt;&gt; I love seeing the gameplay from this angle cuz they have every monitor, every camera running because this is kind of where everything happens. This is the main control room. You have Russ who is directing everything in the cameras. You have Emily looking at the [music] cameras as well. You have people listening in on all the dialogue, the audio team, and over there you have the art department who's just getting all the props, the briefcases, and everything dialed in. You have the
[07:00] rotating sets as the crew preps to bring in the survivor set, then the kitchen set, [music] then the red cubes back to back to back. There's just so much going on. And never mind the two other soundstages that they have rented to get social content that will come from the 9 hours that we're spending with all the people today. &gt;&gt; So, which one of you is going to [music] risk elimination and a million dollars to give your biggest fan a car? &gt;&gt; Oh, he's doing it. &gt;&gt; BRING IN HIS FAN. &gt;&gt; I GOT HIM. What's going on, J? &gt;&gt; What's going on, man? &gt;&gt; Which card do you want to win him? Obviously the Lamborghini is further
[07:30] away. It's going to be that one. THAT TESLA &gt;&gt; that was short. &gt;&gt; I like Kevin Hart. &gt;&gt; Our first elimination. &gt;&gt; What happened in there, J? &gt;&gt; When I threw it towards it, it like dipped right before the hole. It's a and dropped like this. It's like Goku lost his power was midflight. &gt;&gt; How would Denzel approach [music] a contestant? &gt;&gt; I would say Denzel would say everybody here has got one task to stay inside. You got to stay inside. Okay. You stay
[08:00] inside, right? And I lost that task. But it's okay cuz I'm the one that's talking to you now. You understand? &gt;&gt; I want you to get back in the game, man. I'm being &gt;&gt; Give me one of them Back Street Boy suits. Let me go. [laughter] &gt;&gt; No. Then you're part of the crew, man. &gt;&gt; Okay. Pay attention. &gt;&gt; By the way, I'm going to cut it. I'm going to edit this to where to where I did it. &gt;&gt; It's that easy. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; In the edit when I threw it. Cut to the one he threw. Debo, you're going to do it. All right, do it.
[08:30] &gt;&gt; Bring in Dipless fan. &gt;&gt; Look at that excitement. &gt;&gt; How are you? How are you? &gt;&gt; Go for the Tesla. Come on, Dip. &gt;&gt; I really just want to give away one car. I'm counting on you. &gt;&gt; You ready? [screaming] [cheering] &gt;&gt; You're good. He did it. Come on up. &gt;&gt; Oh, you got a car. &gt;&gt; Hey, honk the horn. President &gt;&gt; smart people, you guys are up first and then change the floor to smart. Change the floor. &gt;&gt; You get to decide between playing a
[09:00] strong game or a smart game. &gt;&gt; The guards are about to go in. &gt;&gt; Guards, bring in the game. &gt;&gt; Wait, what is the game? &gt;&gt; Oh, shoot. &gt;&gt; Beside each of you is 10 blocks. I'm going to stack a pattern of 10 blocks here. And once it gets knocked over, the first six of you to build it on the podium in front of you move on. &gt;&gt; How does this YouTube video that we're shooting here uh compare to a Beast Games episode? It's similar in in the scope of everything that goes [music] into it behind the scene. They do a lot
[09:30] of big videos. They have control rooms this big. Take up three and four stages at a time. &gt;&gt; This is in the heart of LA. A lot of shows and movies have been filmed on this on stage. &gt;&gt; Tons. They did Gilligans Island here. They did Seinfeld here. And now they have the biggest YouTube creator in the history of the world here. &gt;&gt; But your pattern and his pattern are different. Who's correct? &gt;&gt; I've done a lot of big shows. LipSync Battle, America's Got Talent, Wipeout, &gt;&gt; and what's the single biggest difference between those shows and Beast Games?
[10:00] &gt;&gt; We spend on Beast Games in one one episode what an entire season of one of those other shows cost. &gt;&gt; Congratulations to the six of you at the Green Star. You recreated the pattern first. Everyone else, I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; Howie, you cheated. &gt;&gt; Howie did it on his whole phone. I didn't even realize this while we were shooting. &gt;&gt; But Howie Mandel had snuck in his phone and filmed the entire game. &gt;&gt; You know why I did it? For pediatric cancer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Say that's terrible. Go ahead. Tell me I'm a terrible person.
[10:30] &gt;&gt; No. No. No. Tiff. No. No. Tiffany, &gt;&gt; this was my off day, bro. &gt;&gt; Sorry, Tiff. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Oh, Tiffany's out. &gt;&gt; Open the Iris door. &gt;&gt; Had it right. &gt;&gt; It was a speed thing. So once you're eliminated like they're not done getting [music] content beast anymore. &gt;&gt; What are you shooting here? Like here you're getting more content for like other Beast channels or what what's going on? &gt;&gt; So we're doing here a Mr. Beast 2 video where 30 celebrities are reacting to Beast Games [music] episode one.
[11:00] &gt;&gt; I mean such a smart format cuz the react format you just need to get them there put in headphones and like a lot of people are comedians, actors like they could just like hype it up. &gt;&gt; Tiffany Hattish like one of the funniest people. I love her. Like her reactions were priceless. All right, [music] hit record. &gt;&gt; This is your intro. &gt;&gt; All right, quiet on set. Hit record. All right, I grabbed I grabbed a bunch of really famous celebrities, some some comedians, some musicians, some actors, and in this video, we're going to have them react to my brand new season of Beast Games. You have banger shorts
[11:30] cooking up. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; We have find the real celebrity where we have four lookalike celebrities that look identical to like Justin Bieber, Ed Sheeran, Serena Carpenter, and we have Kevin Hart. And if they pick Kevin Hart, they win 10 grand. And our look alikes are crazy. I'll introduce you guys to the looks. You guys, I have just someone who wants to check this out. This is John. &gt;&gt; Nice to meet you, man. &gt;&gt; And Sharon [laughter] Shar. &gt;&gt; Nice to meet you. Serena Carpenter and Drake. &gt;&gt; And Drake. I don't know about this one, but okay. All right. Everyone else. Do you know Shape of You? &gt;&gt; I do. Yeah. Yeah. [laughter]
[12:00] &gt;&gt; Can you sing us a few lyrics? &gt;&gt; I'll give you a few. &gt;&gt; The club isn't the best place to find &gt;&gt; it. This is where Finding Real Celebrities can be. So, this is going to be a challenge and I'm going to reveal it the [music] second you take off your blindfold. Okay, take off your blindfold. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; In front of you are five celebrities, but only one of them is real. If you can guess which one is real, I will give you $10,000. You have 10 seconds. I need you to pick. &gt;&gt; No, it's Kevin Hart. It's Kevin Hart. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's see. This is a $10,000 decision you made. You are correct. THIS
[12:30] IS KEVIN HART. I'M KEVIN HART. I'M KEVIN HART. SUCH A GOOD GUESS. I WAS TRYING TO ACT like I'm not Kevin Hart, but then my face is doing Kevin Hart stuff. God, I'm so stupid. And this is my cut. &gt;&gt; Okay, that's his appearance fee. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Congrats on the 10 grand. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Before I open that wall and reveal the game, what do you guys hope the game is? &gt;&gt; Push-ups. &gt;&gt; How many of you have seen Survivor? &gt;&gt; Bring on out the poles. &gt;&gt; Oh no, the pole. This is the worst. &gt;&gt; We're going to have cameras come film
[13:00] you guys. Say what you're thinking to the camera. You know the deal. If you're wondering why they're playing a Survivor game, it's because Beast [clears throat] Games did a huge crossover with Survivor, [music] which we also went behind the scenes for. And that video, as well as this one that you're watching, and many others, will be curated in the carousel in my linkree along with other things like my free YouTube hack pack where you can get the best tools and templates to grow on YouTube from all the interviews that we've done. Because I'm telling you, Linkree is so much more than [music] just a link in bio tool. It's used by over 70 million people from the celebrities, podcasters, and creators in
[13:30] this video to tons [music] of small businesses. And Linkree has so many features that will save you monthly costs like a link shortener or an autodn tool for your Instagram or even it lets you sell digital products to help you monetize and grow. Plus, [music] you can customize your link tree to your brand in minutes. And with Linkree's built-in analytics, [music] you know exactly what's getting clicks and driving traffic. And best of all, Linkree is giving you a special deal to try it out if you use my link below or if [music] you go to my Linkree. And I mean, there's a reason why over 70 million people use Linkree no matter their niche. And they rarely give out deals like this. So check it out.
[14:00] First [music] six to touch the ground are eliminated. &gt;&gt; You should try to break your opponent. &gt;&gt; OH NO. WE HAVE OUR FIRST OUT. &gt;&gt; The shoes make it impossible, man. &gt;&gt; Get up real. &gt;&gt; I love his post. &gt;&gt; OH NO. &gt;&gt; NO. WHAT THE? &gt;&gt; We're about to lose our WWE superstar. &gt;&gt; NO. &gt;&gt; WHY DON'T YOU TALK? Oh no. &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; The game is over. YOU'RE GOOD. &gt;&gt; 15. Top 15 glasses &gt;&gt; and all that.
[14:30] &gt;&gt; Good holding. &gt;&gt; Is this real food? Like everything. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; There's going to be a few celebrity judges including Paris Hilton. &gt;&gt; Okay, so I feel like this entire set just turned into Paris Hilton's catwalk. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; You look at this and you go into cooking. I'm actually &gt;&gt; I think it is. &gt;&gt; Let's have you guys in the same order and going to the same place if you can. How are you going to transition [music] from the scene before to this one? Cuz this was a massive change. It took a lot of time. &gt;&gt; We just put them in squares and then we
[15:00] cut the lights. And so what we're going to do is power the lights down, power the lights on. It'll be a clean, like pretty transition. And then they're all going to react to it and it'll be cool. &gt;&gt; Cut the lights. The next game is a cooking challenge. &gt;&gt; How did you do that? &gt;&gt; This is insane. &gt;&gt; Who dressed me? &gt;&gt; Our first judge is a global ICON, PARIS HILTON. SHE IS ONE OF three judges that will be judging the food you make. Russ, how are you thinking about shooting this? &gt;&gt; They were treating this like an event, you know, like we're not going to stop. So, we have a bunch of celebrities. So, we're just going and going and going and
[15:30] going. &gt;&gt; I will tell you if your food is not good. &gt;&gt; Now, how many YouTube videos do you shoot with the control room? &gt;&gt; Probably 60% now, 70%. But when you got less cameras, you can see what everyone's doing. But once you pass like the 20 mark, we're way ahead of that. It's completely changed than when we were filming in 2018. I'll tell you that. 50 people put their hand on the Lamborghini. &gt;&gt; I would take off one. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; We had to put a ton of robo cameras in the ceiling and then we had to get
[16:00] [music] tights on everyone's single hand. You can't miss anything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How many cameras on set today? &gt;&gt; I think we got like 40 cameras. &gt;&gt; What's the most expensive camera [music] you have on set today? &gt;&gt; This is the Alexa 265. They're half a million dollars each. They're the best camera [music] in the world. Marvel shoots with them. Like you got to be somebody just to even use these cameras. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. &gt;&gt; Yell at me. Oh jeez. &gt;&gt; No. Howie, howie. Howie. &gt;&gt; Smart. [music] Smart. Good job. &gt;&gt; This is like my cheat sheet. Just look into all these screens. You go crosseyed. So it's like a top down view
[16:30] of every single set where every single camera is. And so I can look down and go look. Oh, F5 is filming this direction. So I know where the coverage is at. &gt;&gt; Ricky, can you give me tights of them? Nice. Thank you. Any inserts on the beads that we can get of any plates? What is this? &gt;&gt; This is our interpretation of a Hawaiian dish known as the poo poo platter. &gt;&gt; Oh, the poo platter. &gt;&gt; We put an hour into this. We put an ENTIRE [screaming] &gt;&gt; SECURITY. That was so bad. I don't even
[17:00] know if Paris is going to give it a 10. &gt;&gt; 1 2 3. &gt;&gt; Reveal it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I just gave him one zero one. &gt;&gt; I gave a one. &gt;&gt; I'm out. &gt;&gt; One zero. &gt;&gt; PARIS, WHY A 10? Open the portal. This is a legendary crash out by Highway. &gt;&gt; This was the best. See you later. &gt;&gt; These games, that's hot. &gt;&gt; Wow. I that if that makes you want to go watch it, I'll take it. &gt;&gt; I love how he can get people from all around the world to come and do these crazy stunts. And the fact that they're doing it for charity as well, I think is so beautiful. And &gt;&gt; awesome. Take care, guys. And here come
[17:30] the cubes right now. They're rolling in the cubes like it is an army making sure that we go just like the hundreds of crew members we saw behind the scenes of [music] Beast Game season 2. But it's wild to see this for a single YouTube video. &gt;&gt; Only one of you is moving on to the final game. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Here we go. &gt;&gt; GET IN THE QUEUE. This game is all about picking up a red phone and dialing [music] the team backstage to order anything in the world to decide how to
[18:00] eliminate someone. They're going to get a little taste of Beast Games here. &gt;&gt; Beast online. How can I help you? &gt;&gt; Let's do Twister. &gt;&gt; Yeah, bring Twister out here. &gt;&gt; Are you the mastermind behind all the requests coming in? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How can they make a [music] request for anything? &gt;&gt; Um cuz we have them in stock. They're here. &gt;&gt; Oh, so you bought a bunch of stuff like ready to preempt. &gt;&gt; We've done this game a couple of times. So we did all the things that every wanted them to bring in new things. So like we got instruments like a cowbell and a piano over there, a giant Jenga and we got Twister today. &gt;&gt; Sorry. Sorry. A Milton Bradley game.
[18:30] &gt;&gt; Can we get darts, puppies, connect for &gt;&gt; So right now I have Twister coming up and the dart game coming up. We also have puppies coming up. People out in cars. They're waiting by Starbucks or they're waiting by like Walmart. So we're going to try to get it here quicker. Copy that. &gt;&gt; Hey uh air hockey is going to number two. &gt;&gt; I think we can get Steo to do something physical. &gt;&gt; How's your wrestling? [music] &gt;&gt; That's the first time I'm hearing the word. Well, that's bad news for you. &gt;&gt; Let's ask for a clown. Just see what happens. &gt;&gt; Seems like you [music] rank the request and then what's a level like two or three? &gt;&gt; Those are the harder ones.
[19:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey people, &gt;&gt; how good are you with &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, yeah. Here, let me show you. &gt;&gt; Jiu-jitsu. Jiu-Jitsu. No, no, no, not me. Him. &gt;&gt; The orange juice is going to number three. &gt;&gt; Thank you, my good. The next one is left foot red. &gt;&gt; Oh, you got the [screaming] &gt;&gt; Thank you for coming out of course. That was fun. &gt;&gt; I owe you one. Let me know how I can ever help, dude. Anytime. &gt;&gt; Wait, what happened? Twister. &gt;&gt; I suck at it, but I'm super late, so it was good to see. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you too, Alex. Some of these guys are so busy that I I wonder if they're getting themselves [music] out cuz they
[19:30] got to get to their next flight. They got to get to the next meeting. It's just like a different kind of grind than the contestants [music] we saw in these games who are just in it for 30, 40 days at a time. &gt;&gt; I think we've [music] decided on Rockom Sakum Robots. &gt;&gt; Rockom Sakum Robots. &gt;&gt; If the head goes up, you win the game. &gt;&gt; All right. So, here we have our MMA [laughter] for whatever. Oh. Look at this little guy. Where did these puppies spawn from? Look at this guy. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Okay, so you have to let the
[20:00] dog run to the winner. &gt;&gt; This is how we're deciding. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh man. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; He went in with bold fist. That was a bold move. Oh, I don't even care cuz you are so cute. &gt;&gt; Maybe you need another teammate. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; If you would vote me back in then uh I'm ready to go, baby. You seen sinners,
[20:30] right? Invite me in. &gt;&gt; What the hell? &gt;&gt; You got to put me back in, coach. That's &gt;&gt; dude. This guy raced me 100 m and said, "If if I beat you, you need to tell Jimmy to put me back in the game." &gt;&gt; If I do this, I get back in the game. &gt;&gt; I [laughter] do not have that power. &gt;&gt; To the cone. To the cone. Go. &gt;&gt; One of cheated. &gt;&gt; But how did he get in a guard outfit? &gt;&gt; He's got his ways, bro. &gt;&gt; No, you had something to do with that. &gt;&gt; No, I would never. &gt;&gt; Oh, see you soon. &gt;&gt; Hey, see you on season 3.
[21:00] &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. I'll be back. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Look at &gt;&gt; here. Get this dramatic shot. Oh, she peed. &gt;&gt; Oh, spill on aisle three. &gt;&gt; Multi-million dollar floor. Don't [laughter] &gt;&gt; you just took a piss on Jimmy set? &gt;&gt; Thank you. Come here, baby. Oh, she peed a little bit. She was a little scared. It's okay. &gt;&gt; Ready? Fight. &gt;&gt; It's done. It's &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, that was just instant. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Grab your chickens and your your bag.
[21:30] &gt;&gt; Where in the world did you come from? &gt;&gt; Where'd you come from? Fantasy Island. [laughter] Did somebody ring the red phone to call for a clown? Is that what happened? &gt;&gt; You must have. &gt;&gt; You don't even know why you're here. &gt;&gt; 30 minutes or less. I was there. &gt;&gt; Wasn't expecting there to be another clown in there. &gt;&gt; Was there &gt;&gt; Steo? &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Two. [laughter] Oh my god. &gt;&gt; It's hour 15 16. We're finally down to the final three. &gt;&gt; In front of you are three briefcases. One has a million dollars inside of it.
[22:00] The other two are empty. So, one suitcase will have a million dollars of like bills, the catch, [music] and the other one will just have this. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So, that when they're feeling it or they're moving it around like you can't tell. Can we open this one? &gt;&gt; We will start with Audrey because she came out of the cubes first. Gravy will go next and he'll get a choice. He can ask you whatever he wants and steal your briefcase or choose one of the other two. Drop the wall.
[22:30] &gt;&gt; Three is a magical number. &gt;&gt; I'm speaking to you. Only you will know what's in there. &gt;&gt; Got [music] it. And oh, look, there's a GoPro there. That's cool. So, you could get my immediate reaction whether I have the million dollars or I'm bluffing. &gt;&gt; Close the wall. &gt;&gt; Did you like what you saw in the briefcase? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Was it heavy? &gt;&gt; Very [music] heavy. &gt;&gt; Just do a little extra research here. &gt;&gt; What? Why are you looking at the scaffolding? &gt;&gt; I was just wondering where the cameras are at. &gt;&gt; Come on. You think this is our first show? We're not that dumb to only put
[23:00] the cameras at the winning one. Open the wall. &gt;&gt; My first instinct. I'm locking in stealing hers. &gt;&gt; You're locking it in. &gt;&gt; I'm locking it in. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that means this is yours. &gt;&gt; They're opening out the briefcases. [music] Um, we're going to see who's going to win after all this time. &gt;&gt; Open your briefcase. Oh my [screaming] gosh. He did it. He did it. Keep going. Keep going. Oh my god.
[23:30] &gt;&gt; Before the confetti finishes, I want you to be like, "All right, Sivo, you just won a million bucks for charity. I need to go stand on 5 million bucks. [music] Let's go." &gt;&gt; Congratulations, SO just won a million for his charity. And now I literally right now have to go give away $5 million. I'll see you there. To give away $1 million [music] to promote a show where Jimmy gives away $5 million is insane. And I'm so excited [music] to announce that we went behind the scenes of Beast Game season 2 and made a 7 episode docu series that will air on Prime Video and the Mr. Beast [music] 2 channel along with extended cuts here on
[24:00] my channel. So subscribe so you don't miss it. Here's a first look at our trailer for our official [music] docu series, The Making of Beast Games. We're about to show you the behind the scenes of season 2 of Beast Games. We have some of the largest sets in history. were breaking dust at the world records, giving away millions of dollars, and a lot of people wanted to know how did we do it all. So, for the next 45 days, I'm going to be giving John exclusive access to everything.
[24:30] Every room, every set, all 10 episodes, all 200 contestants, all of my employees as we travel the world, and things are going to get personal. Do you still enjoy doing this? &gt;&gt; We're in a really bad spot. Six months of preparation, 1,100 crew members. [music] &gt;&gt; If something can go wrong, it will go wrong. Rain came in. It actually broke through our set. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Beast Games. Welcome to Survival.
[25:00] &gt;&gt; That little moment. That's what Beast Games is all about. [music] &gt;&gt; Episode one's going to be a banger. I don't normally give access like this to [music] anyone. I'm a little scared. &gt;&gt; Congrats, Tyler. That was a great That was great. &gt;&gt; You did. You did really good. &gt;&gt; Thank you. That I mean that was the fact that he stole it. A so good. &gt;&gt; You really didn't know, but it was that
[25:30] was crazy. &gt;&gt; Really good.