# Behind The Scenes with Airrack: YouTube's Biggest Prankster
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMi_s4fEyAs
Date: 2025-12-23

[00:00] This is a viral moment right here. KSI has absolutely no idea that this is happening. &gt;&gt; BRO, HOW AM I BEING ARRESTED? &gt;&gt; We spent so much time and money prepping this. This could go wrong at any possible time. It's the only way to prank a YouTuber, though. Hey guys, it's Ara. I am going to break down one of my craziest videos of all time. I'm arresting YouTubers. They're going to jail. I'm going to show you the behind the scenes how we pull [music] big pranks like this off and things you would never see. There's a GoPro that's hidden into the side panel of the car.
[00:30] The 360 cam mounted in the very center right here. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. KSI's reaction. How do you hire real cops for a YouTube prank? &gt;&gt; There's an art form to it. If this goes too far, these cops would have broken the bit and called the whole thing off. &gt;&gt; How much are you inspired by shows like Punked? &gt;&gt; I actually tried to license Punk. I actually called Ashton Kutcher. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, &gt;&gt; dude. Right. That's what I'm telling them. &gt;&gt; This is such an amazing shot. &gt;&gt; It's an insane moment. Are you feeling that pressure &gt;&gt; so much? Moments like this when we're filming these videos are the only time that I get nervous.
[01:00] &gt;&gt; Hey guys, it's Ara. I am going to show you the breakdown of I arrested YouTubers. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; These are some of the biggest live streamers in the world getting arrested. See, over the past few months, a couple of my streamer buddies have wronged me. So, to get back in my friends, I'm going to surprise them with a simple prank. &gt;&gt; What we doing? &gt;&gt; I'm glad you asked. We're going to arrest KSI. [laughter]
[01:30] &gt;&gt; So, I'm in Nashville, Tennessee for this one. &gt;&gt; Y, &gt;&gt; this is for KSI, boxer, YouTuber, creator of the worst rated song of all time. It's horrible. &gt;&gt; He said it, not me. He said it. &gt;&gt; No, I said it. Yeah, it's a horrible song. It'll come It's going to come back to haunt him here in the video. Don't worry about that. Okay. Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a one day shoot. &gt;&gt; Is that typical? Most shoots are like in and out like that or you're &gt;&gt; That's the goal. I think one of the cool parts of the channel is it kind of feels
[02:00] like I'm everywhere at once and nobody knows how it happens. It's just like tight shoot days with prep. So, over in this seat over here, something you might not notice is Christina, who is my head producer. She's a super genius. She has been in Nashville for 4 days leading up to this video. &gt;&gt; Huh. setting everything up, talking to the local police, setting locations up for me, getting any props I need ordered so that I can fly in, shoot this bit, and get out the same day. We're on the way to Ma'am's Taylor's Ranch where my friend Jitton, YouTube's biggest menace,
[02:30] is helping me pull this off. &gt;&gt; You're about to piss a whole lot of people off &gt;&gt; right now. They're in the middle of filming a try not to laugh. &gt;&gt; No, don't just laugh at nothing, bro. But what JJ doesn't know is actual police officers are going to come pull him out of the house, arrest him, throw him in the back [music] of a cop car. I don't think I'm going to let him go until he gives us a private concert. &gt;&gt; The last time you did this, you just arrested Jimmy. What did you learn from the last time? &gt;&gt; The prep for something to be that realistic and that well filmed is a lot. So that's why productions in town days
[03:00] before me to make sure that everything is dialed down perfectly because it's all real. If KSI sees a camera and he realizes it's a prank, &gt;&gt; it's over. &gt;&gt; And now I have to refilm a new bit with a brand new YouTuber. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. &gt;&gt; So the stakes are high. &gt;&gt; Before we got there, we met up with the real officers who were going to help us pull this off. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Are these real cops? &gt;&gt; These are real cops. These are actual cops. Yeah. &gt;&gt; How do you hire real cops for for a YouTube prank? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a there's an art form to it. They will not let you hire them like
[03:30] on the phone. So, I'll send a producer to the local police department 4 days early with donuts and treats. But, uh, we always try to find like inside men. You can pay them. You can pay police officers on an offduty rate to show up, but they have to have the project approved by their boss. So, we literally just show up to police departments in different local cities until we get someone who's down. &gt;&gt; And they're allowed to show up in uniform. &gt;&gt; They're allowed to show up in uniform, &gt;&gt; drive the car, like the police car.
[04:00] &gt;&gt; Yes. Even though they're off duty and this is basically a skit and a prank. Like &gt;&gt; as long as their boss approves it, which most of the time they don't, &gt;&gt; you can do it. Yeah. Yeah, you can. The thing about it is like theoretically I could probably hire cop actors, but they're YouTubers who have hired coped actors themselves. And you just know the difference between a cop actor and a real cop. &gt;&gt; It's like that that guy who does all the lie detector &gt;&gt; videos on YouTube. Like everybody knows that guy &gt;&gt; and nobody buys it anymore. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter]
[04:30] Oh, it's so uncomfortable, bro. &gt;&gt; It's really, really tight. &gt;&gt; Not my first time. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Cut to the clip. I'm banned from the Super Bowl. &gt;&gt; Not joking. Do Do you ever worry about your um records, like your police records, like from making [snorts] YouTube videos down the road? &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; not at all. &gt;&gt; I think I just plan on a version of reality where it doesn't matter. I guess I was supposed to go to Brazil tomorrow to go film with the Chiefs for one of
[05:00] Jimmy's videos. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the NFL said I couldn't do it because I snuck into the Super Bowl. So, &gt;&gt; Chiefs, I'm very sorry. Please let me come hang out with you guys in the future. We are headed there right now. They should be finishing up the video. JJ and his bodyguard have a flight back to the UK today. &gt;&gt; You want him to miss his flight? &gt;&gt; I want him to miss his flight by about 6 months and sit in a federal penitentiary. You know what I mean? It's just a prank though. &gt;&gt; IT'S JUST A PRANK. [laughter] AND ERIC, tell me about the cameras. I'm seeing a few here already. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, in order to be discreet, KSI, obviously YouTuber, knows how cameras
[05:30] work, knows what fake police officers look like. We need to be as discreet as possible. So, these guys have body cams on right here, right here. These body cams are mine. I bought these police body cams. So, these go home with me, and all the footage on them goes home with me. We have a dash cam in the very front of the car up here, filming backwards. Uh, there's a GoPro mapped up in the corner up here that's hidden into the side panel of the car. And then we have a 360 cam mounted in the very center right here. This one I was nervous about because
[06:00] people know what an insty 360 looks like. So, I try to hide it as much as possible. And I'm planning on the idea that KSI is going to sort of hang out somewhere right in here where Tyler and I were, &gt;&gt; which my plan kind of went sideways. You'll see. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. &gt;&gt; I'm at my vantage point right now. The cops are walking up to the house as we speak. I have their cameras on my iPad. &gt;&gt; Hello, sir. &gt;&gt; How you doing? &gt;&gt; Good. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Do you know who this is? &gt;&gt; This is Mam Taylor. &gt;&gt; He's KSI's manager, boxing legend.
[06:30] Manages the whole Misfits company. This is his house. So, he's one of two people who know that this is happening. &gt;&gt; Okay, got it. So, yeah. How do you conspire with KSI's team like in a way that they won't tell him? Some of my videos, like hiding in streamer streams or hiding in YouTubers videos, it's really easy because it's just me and the YouTuber talking about what the funniest way for me to hide in their video or whatever it is. This is much harder because I can't talk to the one person who owns the YouTube channel. I have to find the person that knows the person
[07:00] that runs the YouTube channel, but is trustworthy enough to not tell them that we're doing this. Very hard person to find. Lucky for me, the person who told me that this shoot was happening was Jidion, who is a notorious YouTube prankster. Shout out Jidion. He is my inside man on this shoot. So, KSI brought Jidion out to come film a try not to laugh video for KSI's channel. And so, I have a I have sort of a run of show that that I've typed up and before I even come into town, these guys are going over the run of show. They know
[07:30] kind of uh what the narrative of the prank is. MMS has been able to rehearse some of his lines and so now they're playing out a play that they've basically all rehearsed together, but the only person that's new is KSI. He's never seen the show before. &gt;&gt; Wait, my mind goes to like what is his motivation to do this like like that is a ton of time like rehearsing like pre-production like KSI is already a big YouTuber but what is their like motive? What is their incentive to spend all this time helping you with your video? &gt;&gt; I think with every creator it's different. Sometimes it's literally a
[08:00] friend wanting to pull a prank on their friend who just so happens to be a giant YouTuber. For specifically here, KSI is actually relaunching his YouTube channel, which I'm so excited about personally. So, it's an opportunity, I think, for publicity for everything. &gt;&gt; Makes sense. Wow. &gt;&gt; Uh, Mr. Taylor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Ma'am, was that you? &gt;&gt; It looks like they're pressing Ma'am, the owner of the house right now. &gt;&gt; We just got a call that there was some things going on here. We just had to come out and check it out. All right. You mind if we come in, chat with everybody? &gt;&gt; Okay. There's other options as far as filming this, but I love the feeling of real body cam footage because it's so
[08:30] realistic. It's just so real. &gt;&gt; Is that all right? Is there anybody elsewhere? &gt;&gt; Oh, there's JJ. There's JJ. There's JJ. &gt;&gt; I'm doing good. &gt;&gt; So, Jadeon is fully in on this, by the way. &gt;&gt; And I was very curious to see what he was going to do. &gt;&gt; Oh, something about some criminal threats. &gt;&gt; My god, KSI's reaction. [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, you can see Jian is right here. He knows he's on his 10 out of 10
[09:00] with he's from the UK. So I have a little bit of advantage because he has no idea what US police even look like. So this is like terrifying to him. Like imagine being in the UK and you see like the royal guard pull up into a house. Like you're going to be so scared. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Something about some criminal threats being made online. Y'all know anything about that? What? &gt;&gt; He's freaking out. Okay. His eyes mouth is not closed since he the police walked in. &gt;&gt; And you're going to see in a second.
[09:30] He's he gets way more terrified than this. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Port and everything. Y'all mind if we see everybody's ID? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, sure. &gt;&gt; I actually got my wallet stolen yesterday. Uh it's cool if I give it to &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's fine. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is going so well. Jion's acting is S tier. &gt;&gt; I think it's so funny seeing YouTubers in this context like on body cams is just such viral footage. You know what I mean? The only way to get this is a real cop like scolding at YouTubers. Just god tier footage because it's so awesome.
[10:00] &gt;&gt; Are you in town or what? &gt;&gt; I wouldn't even tonight like video gamers or something. &gt;&gt; Why is he starting to film? &gt;&gt; So KSI's videographer just starts filming and my cops are obviously not actually arresting him. So they just let it happen. &gt;&gt; His mind just went to like, oh, this is interesting. Could be useful later. He may not know like that you're involved yet. &gt;&gt; That's right. No, he has Yeah, he probably has no idea. Got They actually ended up posting their own video which was I got arrested separate from my whole video from his perspective which is kind of funny. &gt;&gt; No. So, well I guess I'm more of like a
[10:30] boxer YouTuber musician type beat. &gt;&gt; Okay. You got a lot going on for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; What's your What's your name? &gt;&gt; KSI. &gt;&gt; KSI. That's your real name? &gt;&gt; Uh no. &gt;&gt; So here enters &gt;&gt; KSI's bodyguard. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; right over here. Okay, &gt;&gt; this dude is uh 69, giant man, and he has absolutely no idea that this is happening. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you a little secret? So, there's this tool that top creators like Zack Justice are quietly using to explode their views and it's called
[11:00] Autopilot made by OpusClip. It analyzes your entire library [music] of content, identifies the top moments, clips them, and posts them across all your social media accounts fully automatically like all these clips you're seeing right here. Imagine I could just focus on my long form videos and every day I have a bunch of clips that are cut together, scheduled, and all posted without me having to worry about it. And [music] this just keeps going on every day. Opus cuts together the clips, edits them, schedules them, posts them, and then repeats. Basically, you could reach a new audience and own your distribution
[11:30] without the extra work. I mean, Zach Justice used Opus to do exactly this, and he's already seeing 10 million plus views back to his YouTube channel. Now, here's the crazy part. The tool is still in beta and Opus is selecting 10 creators to try it next. So, if you want to be considered, go to this link below or scan this QR code. Again, 10 creators will get selected and everyone else will get access to Opus clips. You got nothing to lose. [music] All right, now back to the video. &gt;&gt; So, he's not in the loop at all. They specifically kept him out of it because his literal job is to look out for KSI's
[12:00] uh best interest. &gt;&gt; So, we were debating a lot like do we tell the security or do we not? and we decided not to because he would have absolutely stopped the production. &gt;&gt; Some of the calls we got, we got something like your name. &gt;&gt; I'm going to double check cuz it is, like you said, it's different. &gt;&gt; But he's he's going to look over the IDs real quick and uh &gt;&gt; and we'll go from there. &gt;&gt; So, what's the reason that the cops are giving that they're here right now to arrest [snorts] him? Like, have they explained yet? &gt;&gt; I think they went in with the explanation that they have gotten calls
[12:30] of threats, which is usually what happens when somebody gets swatted. &gt;&gt; So, KSI wouldn't doubt this. That was the best reason we had. However, his manager told us that days before traveling to the US, basically his passport, he put it into his pocket and it went through dry cleaning. So, it's ripped apart. So, I had the cops specifically focus on that &gt;&gt; and talk about how he's in the country illegally and they're basically going to throw him back out of the country. &gt;&gt; Oh, so this is a whole setup to get his passport.
[13:00] &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That is like wrinkled or like damaged like &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, they get they get into the house under pretty agreeable terms and then they just laser beam focus on KSI and put all the pressure on him. &gt;&gt; But really, &gt;&gt; I have so much more information on him &gt;&gt; and it's about to be over and it's about to turn. &gt;&gt; I told the cops to put on a show and find any stupid reason to arrest him. So, all I [laughter] could do was sit back and watch them work their magic. &gt;&gt; Mr. KSI. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Did something happen to your back here? &gt;&gt; Watch it. &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to work on getting a new
[13:30] one. Do you have another form of ID or anything on you? &gt;&gt; He's got his ID. I've got my driver. &gt;&gt; Is it a How'd you get through uh TSA with this thing, man? &gt;&gt; Uh &gt;&gt; so he says, "How did you get through TSA with this thing?" &gt;&gt; Just Yeah. &gt;&gt; This just doesn't look legit to me, man. I'm not &gt;&gt; like I said, it just looks a little different. I look at &gt;&gt; This is the point where you can feel the tension in the room shift. Like KSI is laughing this entire time. It's not funny anymore. Like he's getting pressed
[14:00] now. He knows everybody out here is not in trouble except for him. And it's such a specific detail. I always try to get a specific detail from the YouTubers team of like something to drill into that they would undeniably believe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Looks like it's, you know, a little bit different. Can you do me a favor and just come outside with me real quick? &gt;&gt; Oh, it's happening. It's happening. It's happening. &gt;&gt; Something funny. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. No. No. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. No. I Cob says it's something funny. These guys at this point know to just tighten down. I told them to go as
[14:30] hard on him as they possibly could and felt comfortable doing. And this is the part where they start to just really pressure him up. &gt;&gt; I just want to make sure everything's good, you know, cuz I'm not going to be able to run a driver's &gt;&gt; license. All right. Do me a favor. Just step out here real quick if you don't mind. &gt;&gt; They're escorting him out of the house. Oh, here they come. Here they come. Here they come. Here they come. &gt;&gt; The back of my car. Just stand right on the bumper if you don't mind. &gt;&gt; They're fake checking his ID right [laughter] now. I don't think J is going to be very happy with me when he finds out this is a joke. I have been at the driveway watching all of this, listening to everything that's happening on the
[15:00] inside of the house. My job is simple. Once this thing reaches its absolute pinnacle of confrontation, the cops are going to call me in as their supervisor [laughter] &gt;&gt; and then I'm going to reveal that it's me and I will not let him out of cuffs until he gives me a private concert. &gt;&gt; So, let me ask you this. I I run your name through. Nothing's coming through on there. Do you have anything else that has your name on it or anything like that? Anything that we can identify you? &gt;&gt; Uh, I mean, you can go online. &gt;&gt; As JJ's team started to get a little
[15:30] freaked out, my inside man Jadeon continued to put on a master class in acting. &gt;&gt; Okay. Are you suspecting him of a crime right now? &gt;&gt; Uh, Jadeon comes in here. He knows content. He's going to add some content here. He starts fighting with the police. I did not ask him to do this. He just does this for the sake of it. The police actually asked that. No, they were like, "Nobody's going to give us resistance, right?" I was like, "No." And good old Jidon here really. Um, he's trying to print content for me, which I appreciate, but he starts pressing the cops.
[16:00] &gt;&gt; Jon's got to chill. Jon's got to chill. &gt;&gt; Okay. But did they say it was him? &gt;&gt; Okay. What was your name again, sir? &gt;&gt; Jadon. &gt;&gt; Jaddon. Yeah. Okay. Right now, we're talking to him. Like I said, I don't mind that you come out here, but I don't want you interfering with my investigation. Okay. &gt;&gt; So, now that Jadeon has put the officers on edge, they're just going to detain and arrest KSI and put him in the back of the car. JJ, realize you don't have to answer his question. &gt;&gt; No, no, it's fine. It's fine. Hang out in the back back of the car for us real quick. &gt;&gt; Do me a favor. Face the car right here for me. I'm just going to patch you down. Make you don't have any weapons. As long as you're good with that,
[16:30] &gt;&gt; let me call supervisor. &gt;&gt; Okay, they're calling me. They're calling me &gt;&gt; right now. All right, go ahead. Place your hands behind your back on me. &gt;&gt; This This right here is what we do it for, boys. This is a viral moment right here. This clip by itself, I filmed it on iPhone. Yeah. And then sent it to KSI so that he could send it to a fan page. And then that clip went viral on Twitter by itself before any of us posted videos. It's just a viral moment right there. &gt;&gt; All right. Go ahead and take a seat back
[17:00] here for me, please. Just watch your hand. &gt;&gt; He's just requesting to come out. It's a situation. These guys, &gt;&gt; your body's just been arrested. Wow. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; There it is. So, we're getting the 360 camera right here. &gt;&gt; You can see it's like these are real emotions, &gt;&gt; bro. It's so close to him. Yeah. Yeah. He's He's terrified right here. We obviously have other angles. I'm picking up all his audio right here. Also, &gt;&gt; they got some jams in here. &gt;&gt; Officer, what is like there's literally no reason to detain him right now.
[17:30] &gt;&gt; Hey, man. I I do got a a lieutenant. &gt;&gt; KSI lays down in the back seat. Ruins my shot. I prepped this shot for him to sit right here in the middle. Dude lays down in the back seat. Look at this. What the hell? KSI, he ruined it. He ruined it. &gt;&gt; I guess he's trying not to be seen, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I think he's just trying to get comfortable. The back of cop car is so uncomfortable. &gt;&gt; You thought it was to get comfortable? He's totally trying to hide his face cuz at this point he does not know it's a
[18:00] prank at all. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's seen these clips on YouTube. He knows he's probably going to get uploaded on some body cam footage. He's trying probably trying to hide his face. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Hey, man. I I do got a a lieutenant to come out to talk to you, a supervisor. &gt;&gt; All right. You good? All right, man. Don't &gt;&gt; Jion was making this as hard as possible on the cops, but they kept it cool while I made my way to the scene. &gt;&gt; I mean, he's not going to run away or anything. Can he just like stand up and stand right next to you? &gt;&gt; J's going crazy. &gt;&gt; You're making it worse than what it is. &gt;&gt; Outside the car this entire time, Jion is just stirring the pot. He's just
[18:30] trying to make this as uncomfortable as possible for everybody. &gt;&gt; He's just hanging out in the back. &gt;&gt; You guys are making it worse. &gt;&gt; You know, your guys job is to deescalate and you guys are escalating it. &gt;&gt; No, you're escalating it. We're fine. He's fine. This part I actually was getting nervous about. This is why I came in because it was actually getting heated up there. They don't know that Jadeon is like trolling them. So, &gt;&gt; they want this to be a calm altercation, which is what I sold it to them as, which was my goal, &gt;&gt; but they're actually getting this is a real altercation that's actually
[19:00] happening outside the car. So, I'm running up the hill to try to stop this from happening. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; It We're fine. He's fine. &gt;&gt; Dude, it's getting heated. It's getting heated. It's getting heated. &gt;&gt; I need [music] you to calm down and relax. allow us to do our job. &gt;&gt; What will they do? Will they call this off if Gidian took it too far? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Like like they'll be like, "Actually, this is a prank." Like they would ruin this for you. &gt;&gt; I would have probably waited an extra 5 minutes. If this goes too far, these cops would have broken the bit and call the whole thing off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, at any point in time, any of the guys who were in on it could ruin
[19:30] the prank. My cameras could give away the prank. These cops could act a little sus and give away the prank. Jion could ruin the prank. We spent so much time and money prepping this. This could go wrong at any possible time. It's the only way to prank a YouTuber, though. The stakes are incredibly high right here. &gt;&gt; Are you feeling that pressure &gt;&gt; so much &gt;&gt; in this moment? &gt;&gt; Big time. Yeah, big time. Moments like this when we're filming these videos are the only time that I get nervous. Like, this is because there's so much of my video relying on things I cannot control, you know?
[20:00] &gt;&gt; Why is your car unmarked? &gt;&gt; Why is my car unmarked? &gt;&gt; Why does it need to be marked? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; We got there. So, we're in the blind spot of the car right here. We get a little dapp up with JD on right before [laughter] we break the bit. &gt;&gt; Wait, this is this is such an amazing shot. &gt;&gt; It's an insane moment. &gt;&gt; Yeah, dude. It's just a viral clip. Like, tell me this is not a viral moment, right? You're just beautiful. Like, it couldn't have played out any better in my mind. Like, before you shoot a video, probably for you too, like you sort of envision the video and
[20:30] you imagine &gt;&gt; and you're like playing it out in your head of like what the perfect moment's going to be. This This is like from my wildest dreams. It couldn't be more perfect than this. &gt;&gt; Why is my car? &gt;&gt; Is he in the back right now? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I felt like JJ had enough at this point, so it was time for me to hop in and finally reveal the prank. &gt;&gt; What is life? &gt;&gt; We have a problem in here.
[21:00] &gt;&gt; Oh [laughter] my god. You piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [laughter] &gt;&gt; NO. No way. You suck. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm lowkey so happy to see you, but also so angry. [laughter] Bro, I was like, HOW AM I BEING ARRESTED? &gt;&gt; I'M STILL IN charge around here, bro.
[21:30] You're You're arrested. &gt;&gt; I hate you so much. At this point, it seems like you brought in the cameras. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, now the cameras are all coming in. KSI's bodyguard is being alerted outside of the car right now that this is a safe circumstance. He's good. &gt;&gt; He's like pissed that he was not in on it. But yeah, everybody who isn't in on it is now being alerted that this is a bit &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and you're rolling in with what looks like a GoPro. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I basically armed with a GoPro and a DSLR in my other hand. This is shot like it's a very lean team here.
[22:00] Me, Christina, Tyler just shooting this thing. &gt;&gt; This is the first time I've been in the back of a police car. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Yes. WHAT YOU MEAN REALLY? &gt;&gt; BUT there was still one more thing I needed from JJ in order to release him from my custody. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; I need a thick of a concert right now. &gt;&gt; See, this is what I love about KSI is you see him right here switch. Like his team is trying to get him out of the back of the car. &gt;&gt; I set him up for a thick of it moment. &gt;&gt; He knows that this is a viral moment. He tells his team to chill so that he can
[22:30] do a thick of it concert for me. This will probably not make the cut, you know, but it just goes to show like uh I love filming with other YouTubers because they know how the sausage is made and he sees me teeing him out for a moment here and he's like stepping into the moment. It's amazing. &gt;&gt; That's amazing. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm in the thick of it. Everybody knows they know we were ice skating and they bro I got caught. I got no got. Wait, &gt;&gt; what? &gt;&gt; Get him.
[23:00] &gt;&gt; He doesn't even [snorts] [laughter] &gt;&gt; I got get &gt;&gt; I got got on Get got him. It's not that hard. It's a phenomenal show name. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; JJ was an amazing sport about this whole thing. But the craziest part was at the very end he said this. I'm boxing a YouTuber every time I go up a million subscribers. &gt;&gt; You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me. &gt;&gt; By what sub count would you do it? [music] &gt;&gt; 30 million. &gt;&gt; 30 million. Call me. We'll make it happen. This is on video. &gt;&gt; We were going to go to lunch. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Kudos to KZA for being a good
[23:30] sport. Like it feels like everyone's realized this is a content moment. How much are you inspired by shows like Punked or like you know this like prank shows have been around for a while. Like do you study those like to create moments like this? &gt;&gt; I was never a big like movie or TV person. I've seen very few movies actually. Like maybe like 20 in my entire life to be honest really. &gt;&gt; But once I started getting into YouTube and uh I'm a huge punk fan. a huge MTV fan. Uh I think I've gone back and watched an episode from every version of a show that MTV's ever made because a
[24:00] lot of that stuff is reality TV and there's so much cool inspiration that you can pull from those guys. I actually have my own prank show called Get Got. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know about Get God. &gt;&gt; I know. And if you if you're Get God got on Get God, you got to say I got I got &gt;&gt; I got God got on Get Got got him. I actually tried to license Punk. I actually called Ashton Kutcher and tried to license Punct from Ashton and he said he no longer controls the rights. unfortunately. So, if you're out there and you own the rights to punks, &gt;&gt; let a boy know you have a very interested buyer over here.
[24:30] &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that is like that would be the best like &gt;&gt; dude, right? That's what I'm telling them. I'm like like dude, we could run with the punk show on YouTube. Like this I am the guy to run the punked enterprise. Like let me It would be so sick. But uh yeah, I can't get the rights. So if you're out there and you own the rights to punk, let me know. Let's make a deal. &gt;&gt; Wow. That that would be a no-brainer. Any other thoughts on this video? &gt;&gt; I think it's cool. It's it fits into sort of a column like I arrested Mr. Beast a year ago. We're bringing this in. We'll do streamers after that. We
[25:00] might even circle back with YouTubers again. The cool thing about this video is once this video is posted, it actually serves as proof of concept that I can now send to other YouTube teams and show that I've done it before and I can do it safely, which will enable me to do this video even better in the future. So stay tuned. I got to I Yeah, I got to talk to you guys later. You know what I mean? About something completely unrelated. What? Like, no. No. You're not getting my team in on arresting me. That's &gt;&gt; that's what you think. &gt;&gt; If you haven't already, go to yt
[25:30] hackpack.com to get our free YouTube hackpack with all our best tools, tips, and templates to grow on YouTube today. From our intro and thumbnail templates to our 100 viral ideas for any niche, we constantly update it as we interview more creators so you get the latest and greatest for free. All right, thanks for watching.