# MrBeast & Mark Rober Break Down Their Billion Dollar Empires
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCmveoGig50
Date: 2025-12-15

[00:00] This is like something I'm super passionate about. &gt;&gt; It like blew my brain. &gt;&gt; It's the most important thing I'll do in my whole life. &gt;&gt; I'm not supposed to talk about it yet. &gt;&gt; Give us a teaser. &gt;&gt; No, I'm not. I'm not. &gt;&gt; In 1957, Walt Disney made this map which shows you how his films are connected to his merch, which is connected to theater sales, which is connected to radio and everything across his empire. And I got to ask Jimmy about how he's making his own version of his Disney map. We talked about festivals to Beast Game to [music] his different YouTube channels to his new theme park, Beast Land. Beast Land is a theme park that we open. We're
[00:30] aiming for around 10,000 people a day. We can open one here in America next. People have been talking about is Mr. Beast launching a bank. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Is Mr. Beast is a [music] company worth over $5 billion now. &gt;&gt; And then I got to speak to Mark Robber about how he's building his own version of Disney between Crunch Labs. &gt;&gt; He was like, I will pay you $50 million right now. I was like, hell no. &gt;&gt; To his YouTube videos &gt;&gt; that cost about $5 million. &gt;&gt; Can you take me through how you think about thumbnails? &gt;&gt; Can I be honest? All of these I kind of hate. &gt;&gt; I think this is the first time [music]
[01:00] you're talking about your Netflix show publicly. &gt;&gt; Got to get the scoop. There's never been anything like this in history. This is Sorry. &gt;&gt; Like they need help. &gt;&gt; We filmed this all in the most magical place in the world, Disneyland. &gt;&gt; All right. So, Jimmy, we're at Disneyland. So, I thought it would be fitting to go over Walt Disney's business map from 1957. What sticks out as you as you look at this? &gt;&gt; This is a big influence. this graphic right here on the way media developed. &gt;&gt; Did this have a big influence on you in
[01:30] terms of like people seeing characters on TV and then buying merchandise? Um, &gt;&gt; and those characters are also in the movies which are also in Disneyland. It all ties together. For us, we were just in I mean I don't have as much IP obviously as Disney. Um, and in inadvertently I think this is just as you're building more IP kind of the natural way it goes because it doesn't make sense, you know, if you're doing TV uh and you're doing movies or in our case if we're doing YouTube and we're doing streaming shows to have completely different people every time. Obviously, my boys that are in the YouTube channel are also in the streaming show and vice versa. But the beauty is for him, it's
[02:00] just the sheer scale they did. I mean, Disneyland, the fact that you can come here and you see characters walking down the street in the rides and you recognize it and you know them personally and stuff is just amazing. Like the scale that they've done this is absurd. &gt;&gt; So, Jimmy, we made &gt;&gt; Oh gosh. [laughter] &gt;&gt; a version of what looks like your Disney map. Um, there's a lot happening here and we put a spectrum of digital to physical. That's cool. Okay. &gt;&gt; Um, I'm wondering if you could break down your Disney map.
[02:30] &gt;&gt; Okay. So, for starters, I've never had someone make a graph like this that and I think this is actually really well put together. I'm actually very impressed. So, for starters, we have the YouTube channel over here. We have our Mr. Beast YouTube channel, which is the most subscribed to YouTube channel in the world. We have Beast Reacts. Then we also have our gaming channel which is you know one of the largest gaming channels in the world. We have our philanthropy channel Beast Animations which by the time you see this Beast Labs will be out our first animated show. I've been wanting to get animation on YouTube because I also have watched anime my whole life and we have a ton of other channels that we're also starting
[03:00] and so at its core yeah this corner is YouTube. &gt;&gt; Okay. So now tell me about experiences. What are you doing to make this happen in the real world? &gt;&gt; Um Beastland if you haven't heard is a theme park that we opened. It's not a permanent one. It's in the Middle East because we have a very big Middle Eastern audience. So, we opened it in the middle of Saudi Arabia so people from the Middle East could experience it. If enough of you want, we can open one here in America next. I've obviously always looked up to Walt Disney and um you know, just seeing him bring his ideation and and his brands and everything to life is obviously a huge
[03:30] inspiration. And so, um this has been a long time coming and something I've always wanted to do. And so, we created Beastand. Roller coasters and stuff are fun. Don't get me wrong. That's fun. But there's so many theme parks. You have six likes, Disney, there's community fairs, blah blah blah, like city fairs, state parks, there's some all this stuff where you can ride roller coasters. And so I wanted to do something different, something bigger. Like I personally am terrified of roller coasters. There are a lot of people who love rides. I just am not one of them. And so this Beast Land has that for those of you. The
[04:00] other half of Beastland is designed for people who are like me who are very competitive, who want to play games, who like arcades, but have wanted to do that, you know, IRL size, real life size. So, but Tower Siege is an example where we have these 10 catapults where we fling balls into these giant tubes and if you make it in, you get points. And our, you know, largest arcade in the world is what I'm calling it. I don't know if that's actually true yet or not. We have a pyramid over here with buttons on the side and you're racing people on the other side. to press all the buttons
[04:30] and slide down it. We have mazes over here, real mazes that you actually go through and you're racing to get to the end. We have like a block stacking game where you see who can stack the tallest tower in a minute. And yeah, my theory is that people will love the competitiveness. People will love to just go do something and it's almost like different versions of sports you can play just in, you know, theme park format. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And also what's blowing my mind is like we visited Saudi together and the speed at which they build something. Like right now, all of this is a bunch of dirt.
[05:00] &gt;&gt; Well, &gt;&gt; on the ground. &gt;&gt; Concrete. &gt;&gt; Concrete. Okay. Concrete. There's a foundation. &gt;&gt; It's a It's a parking lot. &gt;&gt; It's a It's a parking lot. But Okay. In &gt;&gt; 19 days. &gt;&gt; In 19 days, there'll be a roller coaster. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; There'll be this massive entrance. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And there'll be all of these game like how many people do you think can fit in this park at any one time? How is it is this like &gt;&gt; Disneyland size Disney World? &gt;&gt; So, we're aiming for around 10,000 people a day, but at a certain time, couple thousand. We can't have all 10,000 at once. The the other thing, too, to give context to what he's saying is a lot of this stuff is assembled
[05:30] offsite and brought over. So, these things are being built. They're just being built offsite and brought over. Some of it is just because, you know, we're filming this before it launches. We don't want people to know. So, we're like being sneaky doing it offsite, moving over last minute. &gt;&gt; Talk to me about the software because there's been a lot of news about Mr. Beast Financial. Like, you you filed that. How does that &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, on the Mr. Beast Financial, yeah, people saw the trademark we filed. It was literally there's a tweet with 30 million impressions and it started going crazy. I get news literally covered it. You could throw it up on the screen
[06:00] yesterday on national television. So people have been talking about is Mr. Beast launching a bank? Is Mr. Beast launching a bank? Yes. Um I uh we deal a lot with money in our videos and I actually have this fun story of when I was younger there's this YouTuber called Woody's Gamertag. He's a Call of Duty YouTuber but I you know when I was younger I loved Call of Duty but this guy would also give life advice while talking over Call of Duty. And so I was watching him for Call of Duty, but he was like weirdly giving me life advice. And one time he did a video of his investment portfolio and he showed a uh because he's older showed how money he
[06:30] invested when he was younger turned into a couple million dollars. And he showed like the power of compounding. And I remember when I was like 13. I was like what? He he put like $10,000, but that turned into like $100,000 and he kept doing that and turned into millions of dollars. And it like blew my brain. I never I mean I'm sure obviously I would have learned about compound interest and investing later but this guy who was playing Call of Duty and I wasn't even watching him to learn about finances ended up teaching me a lot about investing and kicked off a lot of my passion about just you know building
[07:00] business and things like that. And so I think it would be fun to start weaving in more um you know tones in our videos where we educate people probably also on a separate YouTube channel. It's not all of it would fit on the Mr. channel, but educating people on investing and showing them what is a Roth RA and just like taking my younger audience to a similar experience I had with Woody back in the day. You probably could find that video where he talked about investing. Um, and so I'd love to make financial content on it and it just feels like a a nice fit for us because we do so much with money. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; And then we also have Virro. So, it's
[07:30] just essentially Virro is like a platform where we connect brands with clippers and basically let's say you're a movie studio and you just dropped a movie. Uh, you can, you know, put up here, hey, if you guys post clips about the trailer of the movie, I'll pay you $1,000 for every million views that those clips get on TikTok or Instagram. &gt;&gt; And what about View Stats? Tell me about that. &gt;&gt; View Stats is our analytics platform. We just use a lot of data to make informed decisions on YouTube. We give everyone else access to it. So on view stats you can see how many views any channel on YouTube is doing per month. You can see
[08:00] if they change the thumbnail. Just a lot of cool stuff like that. &gt;&gt; Um and the biggest thing I was I was curious I I had a long conversation with your CEO Jeff about Beast Mobile because I'm like how does this all fit together? And he was talking about how you know Beast Mobile is still early days but shaping up to be a cell and internet service where you may offer exclusive content or a chance to be on set for your next video. &gt;&gt; Well, Beast Mobile is the furthest out. So that's where I'm going to have to plead the fifth a little bit. We got some big plans here and it will all make sense. But for now, trust me, it's it's going to be cool.
[08:30] &gt;&gt; How do you innovate there? That is such a I don't want to call it boring category. &gt;&gt; Oh no, it is very boring. And that's where again as it gets closer cuz the problem with this is we're still road mapping and doing it as we speak. So I don't want to say anything that I'm then pigeonhold into. But it's it's similar to like I was saying with the financial stuff, you know, it's uh it'll make sense. Don't worry. This one very very excited about of everything here. This is obviously could be the biggest thing we're doing. And it it when you look back three years from now, it will all make sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um and what about books and and and film like uh &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then and other media, books
[09:00] and films. Well, I think the announcement already came out. Uh um writing a book with James Patterson. He's a [clears throat] phenomenal author. Obviously, James Patterson is doing a lot of the heavy lifting. He's the one that has written tons of books, but given my inspiration here and there, man, I wish I could tell you what the book's about, but he would kill me. No, I'm not allowed. I'm not allowed to say what the book is about. But we have Well, it's a good story. Just give me It's a really good story. &gt;&gt; Let me ask Did does the book have anything to do with the YouTube content?
[09:30] &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. The big thing though is uh which James is very passionate about. I'm very passionate about is when I was younger, you would you would have these things where your English class or whatever, they'd give you a book, you have to read it, and you have to pass a quiz to get you to read. Hated it. I hated it. I would always cliffnote it, whatever. The internet was starting to become a big thing. I just cheat on it because I hated reading the books. And so I thought that I just am not a reader. I thought books suck. Books are boring. Books are lame. And a lot of young people share the same mindset as me that books suck uh and they don't
[10:00] read and you grow up and you miss out on so much knowledge. And then when I got in my early 20s, I started I read uh Steve Jobs biography. Loved it. I mean like I couldn't put it down. It was the first time in my life I ever enjoyed a as far as I can remember I ever enjoyed a book. And then I read Elon Musk biography. I read The Goal which I make my employees read now. I started reading business books. I realized I love reading books. I just hated the books that make me read in school. The books at school were boring. They're horrible. And I want to help kids have that same realization because once I realized I love books, you know, now I I throw on
[10:30] audio books. I don't actually physically read too many. I just listen to them. But I, you know, I I get so much knowledge and so much value out of it that I otherwise would have lost because I thought books were just terrible because that's what I was conditioned to. And so me and James are just really hoping that, you know, if we make something that my audience would love, we could potentially get millions of kids to realize that books are fun. And just because school told you books suck and made you read books that suck doesn't mean they do suck. It just means you weren't reading the right thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. How does um the Mr. Beast channel, which has over 400 million subscribers.
[11:00] Like how does that play with like streaming? Like we we just did behind the scenes of &gt;&gt; Tell him he did the behind the scenes for Beast. It was crazy. Coming next year. I I don't know how much we could talk about it, but that was crazy to see how you've used YouTube to test ideas before doing it bigger on Beast Games for streaming. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the beauty for us with Beast Games is we have a YouTube channel where we can test things that, you know, don't cost tens of millions of dollars like they might on on our big uh you know, show. And so, that's nice because uh we're always doing things with contestants in these small versions of a
[11:30] game. And so I can do a game for $200,000 in one of my YouTube videos and if it goes well and people really like it, then now I can feel more confident when I spend, you know, sometimes $10 million building a set on Beast Games that the viewers will like it. &gt;&gt; And the products are another final aspect here. I was looking at your videos. Over 60% of your YouTube videos now have a mention of Fastables. &gt;&gt; Surprised it's not 100%. To be honest, &gt;&gt; um, how do you think about like involving your products? Like Mr. Beast Lab like you know that directly like
[12:00] feeds into the animation launch like how do you think about these were like Mr. Beast.store you know sour strikes you like how do you think about the products mapping to everything else? Yeah. Well, that's where, you know, it's not just YouTube, also Beast Games, you know, season two, we talk about Fastables, we talk about our our Jack's co-branded product, which I'd also put up here. That's a big part of our products now, too. Um, and they kind of all tie together because even at Feastables, our, you know, content company, we also make a lot of content on the Feastables Instagram. It's not all just promotion through here, but yeah, like Feastables,
[12:30] we're the largest ethically sourced chocolate company in the world. We pay our farmers living income reference price. We auto remediate child labor on all our farms. If if farms don't do that, we don't work with them. Um, most people don't realize that's 70% of the labor in West Africa. So, Feastables, you know, we're trying to get those 1.5 million kids out of child labor. So, the beauty of how all this works is like Beastables is doing all this other stuff. If nothing over here existed, the world would never know that Beastables pays its farmers a living income reference price, that we audit and remediate child labor on our farms, that we actually care that there are 1.5
[13:00] million kids in illeal child labor and we want to get them out. But because I have such a big voice over here on YouTube and now on streaming and in these other avenues we're building, I can get that message out there. So then it can resonate with people and people can realize it's not just a chocolate brand. It's more than that. And so that is kind of the beauty of how it all works interconnected. &gt;&gt; Also, I think it's a launching pad. I remember when we did behind the scenes of season one of Beast Games, you launched Launchly. Yep. &gt;&gt; Like that was the first time. &gt;&gt; Trippy Cheese. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Trippy Cheese. Um Festivals, there's a Festival Cafe in Beast Games. That's obviously in a lot of YouTube
[13:30] videos. Um, I wonder if you're going to put Fastables in Beastand. &gt;&gt; You don't have to wonder. Yes. &gt;&gt; There might be even like a chocolate slide or a chocolate ride or something. &gt;&gt; I mean, I've literally had people who are going to go around just handing out feastable bars to people in the theme park all day. &gt;&gt; Wow. And then maybe you serve like Lunchley like as as part of the lunch like your merch and store. &gt;&gt; Oh, you were definitely having merch there at Beastland. Of course. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can I ask Jimmy? You know, in the same way that Disney had like Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, uh, Minnie Mouse, like you've developed like your cast of characters in many ways. you I have
[14:00] Chandler, Tariq. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I would call them my boys. &gt;&gt; Yeah, your boys. Uh, but they've become beloved in the Beast universe. But I thought it was really interesting that you're launching new talent now. Like Matched was in that um lose 100 pounds video and that skyrocketed his Instagram and YouTube channel and now he's become a co-host with you and the boys on your other videos. H &gt;&gt; how do you think about talent development like within Beast? Cuz being in a Mr. Beast video now could launch your career. And it seems like that keeps them also within this ecosystem. &gt;&gt; Well, so the big thing where most people
[14:30] get it wrong on YouTube is it's not like traditional Hollywood. You can't just go cast a person and jam it in and be like, "All right, people are just going to love him." Like the beauty of Mage is just a very likable, charismatic guy. Um, you know, when we put him in that video, the lose 100 pounds video, I wasn't like thinking, "Oh, he's going to turn into talent. This is this is how we grow his personality to get people to love him and make him talent." I was just like, Maddie is a good candidate for this. People loved him in the video. He was very vulnerable. He's very open, very charismatic, and likable. And people wanted to see him more. And so
[15:00] now we're bringing around more. And so I can't just go grab five people that are attractive and, you know, smooth talking, just jam them in the video, and be like, "All right, you're now part of the talent." Be like, "Hey guys, love it." They seep through that. So it's got to it it's it's it's got to be slower and it's got to be done the right way uh on YouTube. But if you do it Yeah. That's and that's what we're working on. That's also what allows us to do so many channels. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So now contestants are almost like if it's authentic like a pipeline to develop like talent &gt;&gt; like Susie, we had her in two videos. People seem to like her. So I was thinking about potentially bring her
[15:30] back, not as like a competitor, but just to hang out with us in a video. And but yeah, just keep building out the YouTube channels, getting more and more views. But that's, you know, the YouTube is essentially the nucleus that powers all these different verticals. And then obviously obviously we have Make a Wish, which we're in Disneyland right now. They've been so amazing to work with. Most people don't realize, but Disney does more wishes than anyone else, especially with their parks. And um so it was awesome because I I reached out to Disney. I knew that was something that a lot of Wish kids wanted and I've been getting a lot of wishes. Uh which I'm very grateful that, you know, these
[16:00] kids would use their wish on me and I and I want to make sure if they do that they get an amazing experience. So I was like, what if we do something together? And so that turned into this event. Then we're like, well, what if we take this a step further? What if we brought Mark Robber out here? What if we brought, you know, Sam and Colby and all these other creators down here? Some of these kids have been in a hospital bed for two, three months straight. Like the parent didn't remember what it was like for the kid to be happy. And so to give them that moment, it's like literally it's like the greatest thing ever for the parents, too. And so like all around it's just a very magical, beautiful
[16:30] thing. I think this year we're on track to get on the main show, I think, like 35 billion views. Wow. Just on the Mr. Beast channel and then billions across all these other ones. &gt;&gt; I want to ask, is Mr. Beast is a company worth over $5 billion now. &gt;&gt; I bleed the fifth. &gt;&gt; We've seen I mean, is it close to that? &gt;&gt; I got to Oh, yeah. I I would love some water. Thank you. &gt;&gt; I want to take you guys behind the scenes real quick because in just a few moments, Mark Robber is going to be here to break down his creator business. But if you're watching this and wondering
[17:00] how can you go about even launching some of these products, then I have to tell you about today's [music] sponsor, Shopify. So, from Mr. Beast to Mark Robber, so many creators run their businesses on Shopify. And with their new Shopify sidekick, you have an AI powered business partner that's trained on your store. Like here's how it works with our created apparel store with our caps, crew necks, and hoodies. I could just ask it, [music] can you make this photo of our cap look like it was taken in a professional shoot? And boom, almost instantly, I'll get this. Then on
[17:30] voice, I could ask it, "Hey, Sidekick, what percent discount should I provide on our store to drive conversions over the holidays?" a 20% discount. It's significant enough to boost conversions without hurting your margins. &gt;&gt; And boom. That's why we have a 20% discount right now. Plus, Shopify's new AI store builder helps you start from scratch. Like when I built my first Shopify site for Created, I just described my brand and then I got a custom theme and images in seconds. And best of all, when you sign up for Shopify using my link below, you'll get a free trial to try it all. No pressure,
[18:00] no strings attached. So, thank you again for Shopify. Check out the link below. And now, back [music] to the video. Mark, being at Disneyland with you, I I feel like it's only fitting that we talk about Walt Disney's map that he made in the 1950s. Have you seen this before? &gt;&gt; No. This is remarkable. Like, it's visionary, right? This is sort of the template for how brands operate today. And so, to come up with this is bonkers. It makes me feel like I wouldn't want Walt Disney's brain. &gt;&gt; Like, this is too much, Walt. So Mark, I I wanted to map out all the things I've
[18:30] seen that you put out in terms of content and products in terms of your own Disney map going from digital to physical. Um first, is this accurate? Did I capture everything? Because you're doing a lot now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this feels pretty comprehensive. This is the first time I've ever seen it laid out like this. This makes it look like I was a lot more intentional about what we've done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm I'm curious like how do you think about the Mark Robber channel today with the tens of millions of subscribers that you have? Um, I mean this is where we do like our biggest videos still. Like we really swing for
[19:00] the fences and none of these cost less than a couple hundred thousand to make now. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; So it's kind of like the big ideas, you know, we usually do about 10 to 12 a year. We pretty much have all of those laid out for 2026 &gt;&gt; with four more still to release in 2025. &gt;&gt; Can can you take me through one of them as an example? Because I think what's interesting about you is that you not only have to come up with the idea, the thumbnail, you have to build something. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I [clears throat] mean, I think a good one that sticks out here is like I
[19:30] tried building my own space satellite. So, we actually over a period of 3 years, you know, took a like made a cubat &gt;&gt; basically, which is it's now in space right now zooming above us at 25,000 miles hour, five times faster than a bullet. So, that cost about $5 million right there. That video cost $5 million. &gt;&gt; Yeah. To make the satellite, you know, for that we had a sponsor with T-Mobile and Google Pixel. So, these big swings a
[20:00] lot of times I'll reach out with brands and say like, I have this great idea, but like we didn't really make any money off this video, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Uh what's another big swing that took a lot of years to happen? &gt;&gt; This one here. Can you fool a self-driving car? We tested to see if you could fool a self-driving car with like a Roadrunner wall. But it truthfully &gt;&gt; I thought it'd be really cool to map out
[20:30] Space Mountain. I know the technology isn't there yet, but someday there will be technology. And finally when I saw these LAR that were like you could, you know, be small enough to be on your body, I was like, "Oh, this is it." A similar story &gt;&gt; with my very first video with an iPad on the front, iPad on the back. I had this idea where you could if you had a screen and a camera, you could do this. But I was like, the technologies, there's going to be a simple way to do that. So, as soon as I saw the presentation for the iPad, I think it was in spring. I was like, that's my Halloween costume. I
[21:00] never uploaded a video. I was like, that's going to be my first video, and I want to get on Gizmodo, just like a tech blog. That was like the pinnacle of my life goals. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you take me through like how you think about thumbnails? Because I mean we we have a newsletter where we curate thumbnails and we're always looking at your channel. &gt;&gt; Can I be honest? Like I we are going away from like all of these I kind of hate. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; Like I want it to feel more like my original channel. Like this is a great
[21:30] thumbnail. I like this one more. I like this one. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; Um this one's okay. I want it to feel more like just a freeze frame in the video. I think what happens is the reason some of these last &gt;&gt; is your face is big in it and &gt;&gt; I don't know it just feels too like Mr. Beastification. I love Jimmy but like that's his style and I want to get back to like kind of the OG, you know? Um like I love this. This is by far my
[22:00] favorite thumbnail and I'm not even in it. Right. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; Um this is by far my least favorite. I need to change that one. It just feels like overproduced. It doesn't. It feels like you're not I feel like you see a lot of these kind of thumbnails on YouTube. What's remarkable about what we do is like there's these crazy situations. So, if you could actually just take effectively a screenshot from the video, &gt;&gt; you kind of give a proof that like, hey, there's going to be a payoff for this. This isn't just some like AI photoshopped thing. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you're going to get bait and switched. Like this, you'll actually see
[22:30] this in the video. And so I'm going to be we're like really focusing on like a return to the roots and I'm going to update a lot of these. &gt;&gt; So we talked a bit about the YouTube side. Tell me about the products like &gt;&gt; why did you launch Crunch Labs? Um and I actually have a slide of &gt;&gt; which videos you've made that are just Crunch Lab sponsored versus other brands. &gt;&gt; Oh interesting. I'd be very interested to see that. &gt;&gt; So we'll break that down. But for people who don't know what is Crunch Labs, what are kind of the product offerings that you guys have now? So, Crunch Labs
[23:00] actually came from Jimmy Kimmel and I did this like live stream for my son who has autism in early 2021 and after the live stream I was like staying at his house and he's like you need to make a product and I was like ah this is an easy like people tell me all the time you need to do a podcast you need to write a book you need to go on tour and ultimately when I say why why I I I trace the thread It's always so you
[23:30] can make more money. And I'm like, "Oh, well, great news, Jimmy. I I have enough money. I don't need 28 jet skis." So, it's like, I have enough money. I'm good. And then Jimmy was like, "Yeah, but like ultimately, if you love teaching science, getting kids stoked about that. Like, you'll be able to do that better. They can go deeper into the trenches if they actually have something that they're like integrating and working with." &gt;&gt; And I was like, "Ugh." So I like slept on it and the next morning I was like ah he's totally right. And so like that was
[24:00] the genesis of it. &gt;&gt; So then I did this creative engineering class through the brand monthly or I think it's called studio now &gt;&gt; and that did really well and so I had a proof point that there was some appetite here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; For learning engineering via my videos. Right. which I think is such an important point for creators, which is like if you're doing a sponsorship for another brand &gt;&gt; and you're driving like significant clickthrough or revenue, whatever data they show you, &gt;&gt; maybe that's a business that if it's aligned with your audience, you should
[24:30] be like, &gt;&gt; "Well, I knew we really had something because when we told Max, he's the CEO of that, we're like, hey, I'm thinking about launching this. Do you think this is a good idea? I want advice." And he's pretty entrepreneurial. He's like, "I will pay you $50 million right now if I own if I if you let me own the whole concept and I do it." And that immediately told me, first of all, I was like, "Hell no." But also, I knew, okay, I've got something on my hands cuz he
[25:00] had all the data to back this up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like he was like, I I will literally get $50 million and I will give it to you right now if you create this Crunch Labs thing and then I own 100% of it. &gt;&gt; Pre-launch. &gt;&gt; Pre any product being made? &gt;&gt; Nothing. Yeah. Wow. So, I was like, all that did was embolden me. I was like, "Oh, well, then definitely not because I'm not going to like become some indentured servant and this is my like this is my thing, right?" So, we launched and I think we'd made 30,000
[25:30] boxes. Like, we could take 30,000 annual subscriptions and then we we sold those in less than a week. And so, then we were sold out. So, we launched that in June of 2022 and then by the time the holidays came around, we had we had a restock and so we could hit it again at the holidays. So, &gt;&gt; it was a it was a great launch and it was just really exciting to build, you know, basically embodying everything we
[26:00] have in the YouTube videos and the stories we've heard from that um have just been so heart. We hear them all the time. &gt;&gt; Take me through the products that you now have for Crunch Labs. This one's called Buildbox. It's what we started with. It's kind of like 8 to 12 years old. It's your core. &gt;&gt; Really fun toys, but most of them are either, you know, no batteries required or like simple battery onoff. &gt;&gt; The next thing we released was right here. This is Hackpack. &gt;&gt; So, this is like what you graduate into. And this actually uses, you know, a
[26:30] microcontroller. So, an Arduino effectively. Yeah. No program required. You have this cool, you know, the first one's like this desktop turret. that moves around, shoots cool darts. So that's the idea with Hackpack. And we have people who have never coded before to like very very powerful builders and coders who do this and just do crazy stuff. It's like its own community now, which is really awesome. So these tackle the engineering, but we never had anything to tackle the creative part. &gt;&gt; And so now we're just launched, we just
[27:00] launched this. It's called creative kit. And basically we worked with professor Adam Green and studied like what it means to be creative. We actually like ran brain scans on people's brains as they played with different things. And the idea here is you have this really fun toy. You build out a town and every month there's a new part of the town. &gt;&gt; And there's guide rails, but then there's prompts on how to put your own spin on how to be creative &gt;&gt; and and we kind of teach the principles of creativity. So the idea is like this teaches you how to build. This helps you
[27:30] come up with what to build. &gt;&gt; So this is the trilogy. Like this is it. We're not going to do anything else. This is like the life cycle from six years old to 106. The other part of creative kit is it's a little bit of if I'm showing my cards a little bit, a Trojan horse to get more um you know females and girls into STEM, right? Our hope is that through this it can be a little bit more girls basically in working building a little bit and then it's a more natural transition because
[28:00] like &gt;&gt; we're in an all brains on deck situation &gt;&gt; worldwide and so to say that like you know boys do this and girls do this it's like an incredible waste of potential. So it's like we need more incredibly, you know, intelligent, creative, passionate, dedicated female brains solving some of the big problems as well. And just obviously there's a lot of systemic and historic reasons why that isn't the case. &gt;&gt; So this is our attempt to like see if we can affect that balance.
[28:30] &gt;&gt; How many boxes have you guys shipped out? Because when people get these, they get them once a month, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we've shipped millions of boxes plural. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Millions of boxes in four years. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's wild. Mark, just talking about that connection between like you having this massive audience to promote your products. I thought it'd be interesting to look at your past 20 videos and analyze which ones were just promoting Crunch Labs. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; Versus which ones were promoting other brands. &gt;&gt; Fascinating. &gt;&gt; Like T-Mobile, Disney Plus, Roblox,
[29:00] Google. Um, how do you think about like which videos are just exclusively for Crunch Labs versus having another brand on it? Ultimately, what it comes down to is if I make a video for for T-Mobile and they sell $100 worth of phones and they give me $100, like they like I just made $100 for their and I help build their brand, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But if I do it for myself and I'm able to sell $100 worth of my own product, I didn't just make $100, but I just increase the value of my brand, right? I'm building this brand, this brand
[29:30] awareness. &gt;&gt; Um, and a general rule of thumb for a valuation for a company would be like 5x times, you know, gross revenue or something. So in some ways you made five times that amount if you made it for your own product. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; Right. So generally and it's just better like I believe in Crunch Labs. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like I think it's a it's such a great alignment for what I for what means a lot to me &gt;&gt; for what the videos are. So it's like I'd rather be talking about that and promoting that &gt;&gt; than like you know some VPN company or
[30:00] something. Right. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Fair enough. Uh, &gt;&gt; is this video sponsored by NordVPN, by the way? &gt;&gt; It's not sponsored by VPN. Um, [laughter] that'd be hilarious though. Um, have you found yourself saying no to more brand deals now that you have Crunch Labs? &gt;&gt; For sure. So, the threshold on what it takes to do a brand sponsorship is just it's a higher threshold to clear, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know what we've also found is like shorts have been a way to like in integrate a brand where it's like
[30:30] okay it doesn't make sense for a main channel video but we can do shorts and stuff which has been like really helpful and valuable. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you uh tell me a bit about how you make shorts versus long form? Because when we were with you um inside Disney like I was amazed that it was you your creative director two smartphones and you're ripping through a short trying to measure how wet people get on a ride. Like is that typical that you guys are more run and gun with shorts or like average budget like amount of people that work on? Like it's just fascinating to see that those videos get
[31:00] tens of millions of views, but the behind the scenes was so run and gun. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it depends and that's the beauty of shorts. Like at first I was really annoyed when shorts came out cuz I'm like it's one more piece of thing I need to like think about and content create. But then pretty soon I realized it's like an incredible opportunity. There's so many things that wouldn't make it into a main channel video that um that would make for a great short. I think you and I were talking right then we were talking about the barber thing. &gt;&gt; Yes. Wait, what was that idea? Oh, yeah. You had an idea where you just out of
[31:30] your own curiosity, you like ask your barber to do something. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think I paid my barber like $100 and I said for the next month I want you to keep track of every tip you get. And I had a column of like here are all the things I want you to like is it how old are they? Are they male and female? What color hair do they have? What kind of haircut did they get? What time of day was it? I wanted to see if I could find some correlation of like who tipped and how much and why. &gt;&gt; No re I wasn't planning on making a video about that. That's not big enough for a main channel video. I was just
[32:00] really curious and I'm like that's a banger short, right? &gt;&gt; Oh, you thought of that idea back in the era where shorts may not have been as much. &gt;&gt; They didn't exist &gt;&gt; and there might have been pressure to turn that into a long form video where you're like I don't know. But now you have an outlet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Or like when we were there, like which seat do you get, you know, the most drenched in, the front or the back on a log, right? &gt;&gt; It's a great simple question that it's not big enough for a main channel video, &gt;&gt; but it's just it's punchy for a short, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can I ask Mark, you said your costs are like like above six figures,
[32:30] like what a brand deal today looks like for like an external brand, not Crunch Labs. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it depends, but like the Google and T-Mobile one, you know, we needed like, you know, $5 million to make that video. So, &gt;&gt; you know, we're talking multi-million dollars worth of brand deals. Obviously, they're getting a lot of content from that. &gt;&gt; You know, the Pixel went up to space, right? We talked about T-Mobile space. I did a bunch of content for them. &gt;&gt; So, there's a lot that it's not just
[33:00] like a 60-second ad read. Y, &gt;&gt; but you know, it's not crazy to have a brand deal that's in the seven figures. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; But that's also not just like, oh, now we make that money. Like, there's a lot of costs that go with that. &gt;&gt; Of course. How many people work for you now? &gt;&gt; We have about like 50 on the YouTube side, give or take, and 50 on the Crunch Lab side. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, and how do you think about like having both? I'll be honest, we we just launched an accounting company for creators. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice. &gt;&gt; And it's called Boring Stuff. And &gt;&gt; Oh, cool. That's a great name. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're like doing bookkeeping,
[33:30] accounting for creators, but but honestly, I'm trying to navigate this new terrain of having my own brand and having sponsors that pay us. But I've seen you navigate this really well where it's like, okay, Roblox gets a spot, but then you still talk about Crunch Labs. Is that just something that you negotiate, you talk about, like is have you always been upfront that there'll always be a Crunch Lab spot? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you kind of just tell them up front. And in those videos, the Crunch Lab spot sometimes it's like little less, it's not as big, you know what I mean? So, it's just a negotiation you have with them, but they understand that it's just going to somehow will sneak it
[34:00] into every video. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Tell me about streaming cuz like you made headlines like with your new Netflix show. I I think this is the first time you're talking about your Netflix show publicly. &gt;&gt; It's true. &gt;&gt; Um, tell me about it, Mark. &gt;&gt; Where do you get the scoop? &gt;&gt; Uh, two things. One, we also gave them our back catalog like or some portion of it. &gt;&gt; Um, which they, you know, paid for and Samsung plus is also on here like a fast channel. &gt;&gt; Yep. Um, but our philosophy is like there's a lot of parents who don't let their kids watch YouTube because it just feeds them wherever where Netflix is
[34:30] like walled garden. It's curated. So, it doesn't feel like there's a cannibalization there. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; Um, and you've seen other channels, you know, Miss Rachel, Coco Melon do really well on something like a Netflix, you know, for 2026 towards the end there's going to be a family competition show that's like banger idea. It's so cool. I'm so excited about it. It just stands for It just encapsulates everything that I care about that I stand for. Has to do with like schools, education, teachers.
[35:00] It's going to be insane. But we're also doing like a Christmas special. Sesame Street, all the characters came to Crunch Labs. Elmo and Mark Robber's Merry Gift Miss. &gt;&gt; So, and in that I sing a song called Failure Is Awesome with Elmo. &gt;&gt; That is &gt;&gt; heavily heavily autotuned. I was gonna say I didn't know you have a capella show. I know you've been lifting, man. I didn't know you being a singer is just not fair. Like it's too much. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's too much. Okay, good. Autotitude. All right. All right. There's hope for the rest of us.
[35:30] &gt;&gt; Anything else you could tell us about the show? Like like budget, competition, scale. I know like Jimmy doing Beast is kind of the next level YouTube videos. Like how are you thinking about like leveling this up? &gt;&gt; It's definitely like one of the deals was like I want to be able to promote Crunch Labs in the main brand. So there will be an element of it will all feel connected when you're seeing the sets on the show. It will feel very similar in design style to like a Crunch Lab build, right? Or to like what you see on the channel. So it's kind of this whole
[36:00] ecosystem. Like if it was just this in a vacuum wouldn't really make sense for me. It wouldn't be interesting. &gt;&gt; But the idea that it can kind of get new eyeballs on like what we're all about and what we're trying to do is is kind of the exciting opportunity here. &gt;&gt; That's so cool. So, so the products can be promoted through your streaming show. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; because I know YouTube you have a lot of control, but it's it's interesting that a platform like Netflix or Samsung will allow you to have this revenue stream as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. And we are missing one product here which is we are uh
[36:30] teaming up with Moose Toys who al happens to also be who Jimmy Mr. Beast teamed up with and we are making some retail toys that are like really really cool that teach engineering. And so yeah, in the Netflix show there'll be portions where we'll have giant versions of these toys in the Netflix show, right? Wow. &gt;&gt; So it's like, oh, you can own the small thing and like that crazy experiment you saw on the screen, like you could recreate and relive that and have that same visceral experience on your own at
[37:00] home. Have that same aha moment, right? Connect those synapses. &gt;&gt; That is so cool. The way like that all works together is is fascinating. Take me through like inerson like physical experiences. We do have our eye on like potentially something like something we're very good at is saying no. I'm just single-mindedly focused. The exception is like the really juicy pitches that are just coming down that you know is a grand slam. &gt;&gt; We swing at those but that's it. &gt;&gt; But anything else we don't. So that
[37:30] means that you pretty much just say no to everything, every opportunity. But the ones that you're just like you know this is just like a no-brainer are what are what you got like lowhanging fruit. So there are some idea, you know, Dude Perfect, you know, they made headlines with some experience. We have like some ideas there that could be something in the future, but right now we're more laser focused on what's in front of us. We always have a pretty steady flow of Makea-Wish kids coming to Crunch Labs. We have the platinum tickets. Those go in the boxes. That's an opportunity to come to Crunch Labs. And Crunch Labs
[38:00] itself is almost a character. Yeah. It's a location. It's like Willy Wonka Engineering Factory. So the kids, &gt;&gt; you know, and people really want to come there. We've offered up a few of these platinum tickets in like local school fundraisers when someone asks and the going rate this happened three times. They they go for about $180,000 &gt;&gt; per platinum ticket. [laughter] &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; Wait, wait, wait. The platinum ticket that you put in the Crunch Lab boxes that anyone could order, &gt;&gt; you like auctioning off as standalone
[38:30] has went for how much? &gt;&gt; $180,000. That's happened three times. So yeah, the point is is like you we give away one every month and if yours has it, it means you're coming to Crunch Lab. So you have to win it. The only time you could buy with money is if it's like a charitable thing. Very very rarely we do that. &gt;&gt; But it's it's given us the going rate of what the value is of making a character. Like that has been really valuable to have a location. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That people want to come to and like experience and feel the wow of like whoa
[39:00] this is like engineering come to life. This is where like if you dream it up, you can build it and make it happen. Infinite slinky staircases, you know, the fireman's piston, the American Gladiators, you know, tennis ball cannon, foam pits, like museum from all the builds. This is a rock, paper, scissor robot, you can't beat. It's like all these whimsical things and if it's like you're an engineer and you you want to if you can dream it up, then generally you can build it. And so we do. I I I remember seeing this with like Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory as a kid
[39:30] &gt;&gt; and like I I guess I knew it was a movie set and I could tell it wasn't necessarily real, but I really really wanted to go there. &gt;&gt; The cool thing about Crunch Labs is like this isn't a fictional movie. This is real life. &gt;&gt; So it's like we are building cool stuff &gt;&gt; that you know actually exists and you could actually go to this place. So, it's like that same idea of like that affinity towards this location and this this almost like a character, but it's real and you can go there and that's why the platinum ticket is such this
[40:00] valuable thing, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. When we were inside Disneyland, I was really impressed with how much of a process you had to take kids through the Crunch Labs experience even though we weren't at Crunch Labs. Like, I remember we were doing the Egg Drop and um and it seems like you had these like stations. Can you talk about how like you think about like people visiting like Crunch Labs and the experience you bring them through cuz like now they've been telling us Makea-Wish that creators are being requested more than 2x over the past few years and you're one of the most requested from Makea-Wish kids.
[40:30] Like how do you think about like what experience you give them or the people that come in by getting the platinum tickets? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean you just try and make it experience I'll never forget, right? And so you know I have a team that helps me and we kind of do have a process of what we go through. a lot of time egg drops are great part of that process. Um then they get to also work with the other toy engineers. Um so yeah &gt;&gt; it it's really well done. And you also said this thing to me uh when we were in line at uh Tiana's uh uh buyide formally
[41:00] splash like oh Disney is almost like a set now for a lot of creators and you were there filming a short. Is there any other thoughts you have about working with like brands like Disney or going to Disneyland to make content because now they're doing things like the creator lab where they, you know, spotlight emerging creators or the creator celebration days where they bring in big creators for like an invitation only type of experience like we did. Do do you think about like, oh, I want to go to this place to make content? &gt;&gt; You know, Disney, the storyried brand, there's an argument for them to be really protective and really prescriptive, but they were pretty cool
[41:30] about like opening up and like that always works great for brands. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's really hard. You kind of got to take a deep breath and unclench, but if you do like that Disney teaming up with creators and letting us tell their story in an organic way without them being super overprescriptive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then take me through. So, we talked about YouTube and streaming, the experience of the product. Like, tell me about schools and the curriculum like what is Class Crunch Labs because I feel
[42:00] like this is something that a lot of people don't know about. Well, they don't because we haven't really announced it yet. Like I'm gonna officially announce it big with like a TED talk in next April. &gt;&gt; Okay. Wow. &gt;&gt; Um, we've put out the pilot episode basically like two years ago, maybe two and a half by COO Jim Lee. I asked his daughter like, "What are you learning in school in science?" And she's like, "Oh, we just watched a Bill Nye video." And I was like, "Really?" And then they she showed me the worksheet that came with it that asked questions about the video. It' been copied like a thousand times. You
[42:30] just tell, right? And I'm like, that's wild they're still watching that because like that wasn't made for this generation. Like I have had to learn like a lot, you know, we have had to learn a lot on how you hide the vegetables, how you get their attention and then sneak in the science, right? And so like &gt;&gt; we're really good at doing this and like 40% of teachers already show my videos in the classroom and they have nothing to do with the lesson. &gt;&gt; They're just showing the YouTube videos on the channel, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Wow. So then it's the idea is like well
[43:00] what if we took the national standards that you have to teach to made a full science curriculum third to 8th grade where we just teach everything in a super engaging way and our toy engineers come up with like really cheap simple hands-on demos that could be used and we have and we have lesson plans for the teachers and teacher support materials. And if we just really went for this and made it fully comprehensive, we realized it would cost us about $55 million to make and three years to pull off. So
[43:30] it's like, all right, well, let's do it because then we make it free for all teachers forever. That's the punchline. So &gt;&gt; wait, wait, wait. My my my mind is blown. Like why does curriculum cost $55 million to make? &gt;&gt; Cuz these are like big videos, right? Like in the next video, I'm like jumping a hundred feet onto a crane to show like what gravity is like on Mars. And we just rented like the world's biggest magnet. I just did one where I was like standing in front of an MRI machine holding like a 10 pound hammer and
[44:00] there's a watermelon inside. And then we turn on the MRI machine and by the power of Thor, this hammer just just rips out of my hand through this watermelon. And that and that is how we introduce a lesson on electromagnetic, you know, fields, right? because it's like I can't teach you if I don't have your attention. So instead of a boring old worksheet, we get their attention just like with the YouTube videos and now we've made that connection and now we can talk about these invisible fields around us.
[44:30] &gt;&gt; So [laughter] &gt;&gt; wow. &gt;&gt; And like this there's this is a there's no way. So when you lay this all out, it seems like this master plan. And when I was like we have to do this, this is like the right thing to do. than you know responsible people like Jim my COO is like well how do we make money off this I was like we don't like there's no there's no way we don't make any money off this like we're not sneaking in you know we're not doing like it's not ad supported with crunch lab stuff we are just doing this and we are putting it
[45:00] out there and I like I tell my team and like I feel like this the most important thing I'll do in my whole life &gt;&gt; wow yeah and it's and we're we've we finished the first fully finished the first pilot episode. There'll be like 40 units total to cover all the standards. We're now filming tomorrow three of those 40 and then we're like scaling up the team. So, we're getting um funds raised for this. So, we've already raised a portion towards the $55 million
[45:30] and you know, if we have to contribute our own money, we will. So, &gt;&gt; I'm so speechless. I don't know. It's because the creator side of me, the the new dad in me, this is Wait, wait. So, so just so I'm getting this straight, the $55 million is is a lot of is going towards making better content for students to watch in school. &gt;&gt; Not just watch, it's like a full curriculum. There's like lesson plans, there's booklets, you know, it has the assessment. It's a full science curriculum. &gt;&gt; Wow. And so this is like interactive in the same way that like I'll get homework, I'll get a like a a worksheet
[46:00] maybe as I'm watching it. Like I'm trying to think back in my like elementary days &gt;&gt; or even better like think as AI comes along you know we're teaching a lesson and the teacher's like all right break into groups at your at your tables and if it's a school that has an iPad for example there can be like I can be at the table on the iPad and I'm like all right guys let's brainstorm what's our catapult going to look like right so they draw it and they show it to me because it's multimodal I'm like oh that's good but like you know this is AI Mark robber but like where's the energy [clears throat] source and they're like oh shoot good point and they're like and
[46:30] they draw it and they show I was like Oh, perfect. That looks amazing. Raise your hand and tell your teacher you're ready. And then she's like, "All right, when Mark Grover says it looks good, raise your hand and we're good." &gt;&gt; Wow. Because you like that AI could have pattern recognition. You can know like even if you &gt;&gt; like that technology exists now today, like that part's not hard. &gt;&gt; Wow. Damn. I'm so &gt;&gt; It's going to be And like not only that, then when we launch it, like there's never been anything like this in history because we're not just going to quietly put it out there in my YouTube channel.
[47:00] And I'll be like, if you're watching anything else in school, just like mutiny against your teacher [laughter] because the content that's out there is is not I have to be careful. There's a lot of stuff out there that people charge these poor teachers who who like already like they don't have a lot of money. [snorts] Sorry. like this is like something I'm super passionate about and they're and they're paying for this
[47:30] content that's like not good and so we're going to make something that's just like way way better and then we're going to make it free. Like they need help. Like teachers are quitting at huge rates like this is sorry. So &gt;&gt; yeah. So I mean that this is this is what our approach is going to be and then we're just going to make it free and then and then when we launch it on the on the channel we'll be like we'll have a map and like okay here are the
[48:00] places you know where this isn't being used in schools. And so we have like it's a grassroots effort where it's like oh de mo Iowa we need some ambassadors there right? And so it's like it's bottoms up but then it'll be top down. We'll also go through the, you know, the senators and the school programs. And by the way, we're testing all this, right? So, we're getting West Ed and these really accredited people who actually test the efficacy for these things because I don't want to waste my time or my money or anyone else's money and time if this isn't way better than what already exists. So, as we do this, we're
[48:30] like, here's a control classroom. Here's a class that had class Crunch Labs. We'll show that it's way better. So, we actually have the data to back it. And if it needs to be tweaked, we'll tweak it. That's why we're doing the pilots, right? So, we're just like make the most kick-ass like curriculum for science that's ever existed and then free forever. &gt;&gt; Wow. Wow. &gt;&gt; Is there is a teacher you've spoken to or like a story that comes to mind? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I went um I spoke at NSTA, which is like the National Science Teacher Association, and I basically
[49:00] said this was the plan last year. Actually, this was like a year and a half ago. And we got like three standing ovations. I was crying. They were crying. It was the whole thing. So, it's like the teachers are hungry for this. Like, they really want it because it's, [snorts] you know, the kids care when we make science on the channel. Like, the kids get into it. And so, it's like the teachers want that because they're in the same boat. Like, they can't teach the kids if they don't have their attention. We know how to get their attention. And we know how to teach really effectively and hide those
[49:30] vegetables. So, in we're not replacing the teachers at all. Like, we're making the teachers the hero of the classroom. So, it's like I'm working with them and and you know, I work with the teachers in all this. The teachers have a role, I have a role, we have a role in the videos and then the com combination of those is like it's going to be sick. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm I'm honestly at a loss of words. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I'm I'm really really really really excited about this. I think like everything we've done so far is like helps to make this the thing. I'm kind
[50:00] of glad it's in the center, in the middle, and on top on this diagram. We really also try and grow as slow as possible. Like &gt;&gt; we probably could have taken a bunch of outside money. We haven't taken any and you know have a team of 500 and really like but it's like we're really we want to maximize for area under the curve, right? It's like very long term, meaning like you could spike and just juice the business and try and get some high valuation
[50:30] &gt;&gt; and then you're going to have if you calculate the area under that curve because it's going to inevitably I would say crash. &gt;&gt; That's a smaller area than if you just have slow sustained growth, right, over time. Plus, that's more fun. Like &gt;&gt; that's why in Zelda and video games, you start with like a wooden sword and a wooden shield and three heart containers. You don't start with everything. like you get you maximize the dopamine to your brain if you just get little incremental level ups and they've done studies that show this. If you get a huge raise then you're flat for 10 years you're way less happy than
[51:00] if you creep up on that amount and get like a a 5% raise every year. So like phil philosophically speaking we're kind of the same with the channel. I think at some point you always need to be growing a little bit otherwise you're sort of dying. That's just like a principle of life. That's just a fact. Um, so we just try and do it like as slow as possible. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you, Mark, for walking us through this. I appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Oprah, for making me cry. Not cool, John. Not cool.
[51:30] Peace. &gt;&gt; If you haven't already, go to yt hackpack.com to get our free YouTube hackpack with all our best tools, tips, and templates to grow on YouTube today. From our intro and thumbnail templates to our 100 viral ideas for any niche, we constantly update it as we interview more creators, so you get the latest and greatest for free. And yes, that means you'll also get the maps that we made for Jimmy and Mark in this video, so you can map out your creator business, too. All right, thanks for watching.