# He Made $26M on YouTube...But Nearly Lost It All (Linus Tech Tips Interview)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARZeenIxysA
Date: 2025-12-04

[00:00] Oh, I could take a look at your YouTube studio or I'm an open book. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; You made over $26.3 million through YouTube AdSense. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that is wild. &gt;&gt; This is what 10,000 videos look like. &gt;&gt; You have over 100 employees, 16 million subscribers. &gt;&gt; You've been making videos about tech for almost 20 years. &gt;&gt; A lot of your content is reviewing [music] products from brands, but then you also take sponsorships from brands. How do you handle conflicts of interest? &gt;&gt; We're not afraid to criticize the hand that feeds us. &gt;&gt; Where do you draw the line? Apple. Apple
[00:30] daily hate me. Why does Apple hate you? No single company in the tech space could ever hold us hostage. Real talk, our channel's been declining in viewership. When you have a hundred people on staff, you have to take any kind of drop extremely seriously. &gt;&gt; Do you regret not selling your channel for $100 million? &gt;&gt; Lionus, thank you for coming on the show, man. I'm so excited to have you. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. It's my pleasure. &gt;&gt; Dude, I got to say I think there's so
[01:00] many things that you do that YouTubers who aren't in tech can learn from and I want to dive into that. But I actually analyzed your past 20 years of videos, broke them down into different formats, and I'm curious &gt;&gt; how you stayed relevant for nearly two decades. &gt;&gt; Over the years, I've had a tendency to get bored before the audience has had a chance to get bored. &gt;&gt; With that said, I mean, real talk, right? like our channel's been declining in viewership for probably the better part of 18 months and we still haven't
[01:30] gotten close. Even before that, we were well off of our COVID sugar high. Um, so I think the LT channel is tracking only like 45 million views for the last month. And to be clear, I'm not trying to sound like kind of spoiled. I'm sure a lot of channels would love to do 45 million views in a month, but when you have a 100 people on staff, you have to take any kind of drop extremely seriously because there's real world consequences for real people when there's a viewership decline, right? Um
[02:00] whereas our high our peak was, I think, over 120 million views on LT. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so, you know, even right now, you know, we're taking a long hard look at the content. We're taking a long hard look at the upload cadence. Uh we're taking a long hard look at our packaging, our titles and thumbnails. And we're trying to figure out, okay, is there a new meta that we can adapt to? Is this it? Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, uh because I've talked extensively about the curve, you know,
[02:30] the the natural life cycle of the YouTuber. Um is this it? Am I at the end of the curve? Right? Like you have to ask those questions because if you're not willing to honestly ask, "Am I just not that cool anymore?" &gt;&gt; Then you have absolutely no chance of diagnosing whatever malady is ailing your channel. &gt;&gt; What is the curve for people who don't know? Like just elaborate on that for a second. &gt;&gt; Um so back when SocialBlade used to be able to retain more than two years of data. Yeah. You could go to any channel
[03:00] on YouTube pretty much and you could see from day zero what their growth looked like and invariably sometimes fast, sometimes slow, they would reach an apex and then once they started circling the drain, it was very rare for a channel to not succumb to the gravitational pull. And so I called that that life cycle the curve because &gt;&gt; any graph is technically a curve. And what was the like life like how many
[03:30] years would you say on average when you're studying a lot of these other YouTube channels would they have like at their peak? &gt;&gt; Never that prescriptive about oh oh at the peak. Nobody stays at the peak for long. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like I can pull up my own channel and I'm sure you'll be able to see very clearly you know what my curve looks like at least if I don't manage to pull out of it here. &gt;&gt; So here's lifetime. &gt;&gt; Oh I could take a look at your YouTube studio. &gt;&gt; I don't care. &gt;&gt; Okay. Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're I'm an open book. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. So this is your lifetime views. Yeah, that's &gt;&gt; Can I read this off?
[04:00] &gt;&gt; You can do whatever you want. &gt;&gt; Nine billion views and you could see that it's gone up like kind of started to hit a high during co but actually you have a huge peak recently. &gt;&gt; That's interesting to see like you hit 8.4 million views in a day. &gt;&gt; Uh that was a super viral short which I Yeah, let's get shorts out of there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So maybe filter out shorts so we can see like long form. &gt;&gt; Hold on. Oh no, I don't have a way of doing it in this view unfortunately. &gt;&gt; Can I see Can I see what revenue looked like during that time? There. There you go. &gt;&gt; So, you made over $26.3
[04:30] million. &gt;&gt; I haven't, &gt;&gt; but Linus Tech Tips as a channel. &gt;&gt; Lionus Media Group, Inc. has done $26 million in revenue through YouTube AdSense. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Wow. That is wild. &gt;&gt; I mean, we have a lot of expenses. &gt;&gt; I know. I I want and I want to get into a lot of overhead, a lot of employers media group has paid more than $26 million in salaries in time that it's of course. &gt;&gt; Can I can I read off some of the highest like earning videos? &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah.
[05:00] &gt;&gt; I love building computers earned $139,000. So that was during kind of a an infinite money glitch period on the platform where super super long form live stream VODs were treated algorithmically very differently from regular VODs that were uploaded. And because premium &gt;&gt; pays out based on watch time. Yeah. If anybody went to sleep and that video started autoplay,
[05:30] &gt;&gt; go figure, right? It doesn't really work anymore. But &gt;&gt; but that's interesting. I mean, it's it's like kind of adapting to the changes and tweaks of YouTube, which is also an art in &gt;&gt; Total. Total accident. &gt;&gt; I don't know. I I think you've been very smart to ride the waves as they come. The second highest earning video, which earned $102,000, uh, is I pray this computer sucks cuz I'm going to sell. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was another live stream, bud. &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it. And then the next highest earn 78,000, how to build a PC, the last guide you'll ever need. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Which is interesting. That's one of
[06:00] those evergreen videos. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. That seems like another evolution that you've made, which is like making evergreen content versus now it seems like you don't make like evergreen as much. Like can you talk about like how you've evolved that um as you keep your channel relevant as well? &gt;&gt; Man, it's tough. There's there's always es and flows and you know for to your point about how to build a computer the last guide you'll ever need. We knew that it was not going to perform out of the gate. Like that video was a 10 of 10, &gt;&gt; which for those who don't have the context means it was your worst
[06:30] performing video out of your last 10 uploads. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; That was a 10 of 10. &gt;&gt; But to now be the second or third highest earning on your channel, that's remarkable. &gt;&gt; That was intended to be a low performer, a slow burn is what we call them. &gt;&gt; And it was also to address the general boredom that our audience was starting to show with &gt;&gt; how to build a computer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So I kind of went, okay, let's just do it one time. Yeah. Yeah, this will be the reference material piece. It's like a 50inute long video or something like
[07:00] that. It's long. &gt;&gt; You know what's so interesting? I think every creator has a version of that video that they can make for their niche. &gt;&gt; You think so? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I absolutely do because as you talk about that, Lionus, I I'm reminded of a video I made that was about 50 minutes, which was just like our YouTube master class where I basically summarized tips from our interviews with Mr. Beast, with Casey Neistat, and I put it in and it was a slow burn. like it did not perform well out of the gate and now it is one of our top videos in terms of reoccurring views. Yep. Um it is one of our top videos in terms of bringing subscribers, AdSense and also we plugged
[07:30] our newsletter &gt;&gt; and that has been the big thing that has grown our newsletter. &gt;&gt; Wicked smart. And um and I think it's like maybe once a quarter, at least once a year, like I think a good thing for especially newer creators to think about is like put that slowburn video out there that's almost like the, you know, compilation of what you've learned about something in your niche, at least in the past year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I think that's a great piece of feedback for for new creators. &gt;&gt; So to see you do it at that level, I think I think it's really inspiring. I just wanted to ask about the money and
[08:00] about the business of of being a tech YouTuber even more. I think I think it's fascinating especially with the amount of people that you employ. A lot of your content is reviewing products from brands but then you also take sponsorships from brands. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; H how do you handle like conflicts of interest? &gt;&gt; Everyone has their own personal line that they draw and everyone will look at something that is beyond their line and go well that's not okay. &gt;&gt; And so &gt;&gt; where where do you draw the line? I draw
[08:30] the line between paying for airtime on my channel versus paying for my opinion. You cannot buy my opinion. You cannot buy my labs team's analysis. What you can buy is airspace for what is clearly separately obviously your talking points. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And that has been a pretty good recipe
[09:00] for us over the years. Um, another thing that we did very early on is we recognized the vulnerability that being dependent on the same brands u for sponsorship for providing products that we need to review in a timely manner. um that our responsibility is to criticize was inherently a conflict of interest. &gt;&gt; Because that's the thing, a conflict of interest is not um an actual necessarily
[09:30] negative occurrence. &gt;&gt; What it is is a perception of a potential negative occurrence. So, the fact that we work with, you know, let's say, uh, AMD on our AMD ultimate tech upgrade series and we review AMD processors when they release, that is a conflict of interest. But all we can really do at that point is say, hey,
[10:00] these are this is our editorial rules. AMD can buy talking points in AMD Ultimate Tech Upgrade and they can they can, you know, buy a promotion of a giveaway. Yeah. Of a Steam Deck or whatever. What they can't buy is our opinion in our editorial videos and then we just have to walk that walk. &gt;&gt; Isn't there like even subconsciously a chance to like favor them or have a bias if they're paying you for a sponsorship? &gt;&gt; Of course. and then you're reviewing
[10:30] their product in a review video that's supposed to be purely editorial. &gt;&gt; And I think that an extremely dangerous space that some of my peers seem to have ended up in is believing that they are impervious to conflicts of interest. I think to your point, you have to be constantly aware of it. If anything, what we have tried to do over the years is take a bit of a coach's son approach, which is not going to help me sell a lot
[11:00] of sponsorships right now, but is going to help me maintain my integrity for maybe another 17 years and maintain the perception of our channel's integrity because, you know, no matter what, I don't care if you're our biggest sponsor. You know, I I remember this one time we did um we were working with Intel like very regularly, very closely at the time, and we uploaded this video where we had a makeup artist come in and do me up all like battered and bruised
[11:30] and we had um do do you know like light guns like like duck hunt? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Like the Super Nintendo like Yeah. Duck. &gt;&gt; So we had like a plastic light gun. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and I did this intro for my video where I was reading clearly under duress a statement from Intel, like taking back, you know, the mean things that I said about their previous, you know, processor or something. And I'm
[12:00] like faltering in the read and the gun like makes its way into frame and it's a blue gun because we were trying to convey, you know, that Intel would obviously like me to say nice things about their their processor and take back the mean things I said. And in the middle of the statement, I go, "No, I won't do it." And I like I grab the gun and I like blow my way out of it and I like leave the frame. And you know, that's the kind of thing that we go out of our way to do. We go out of our way to make it clear that when a company is deserving of criticism that we will not
[12:30] shy away from it. We're not afraid to criticize the hand that feeds us because at the end of the day, we only want to work with companies that have the integrity to be criticized, that take accountability for the errors that they make. And um another example was uh Nvidia. Speaking of Nvidia, um, big company, &gt;&gt; arrogant company. Have they earned the
[13:00] arrogance? I don't know. They're trillion plus dollar valuation might say they have, but no question. They got an ego. and one of their people basically got into it with an independent reviewer member of the media that I would consider much more on the journalism side compared to what we do which is tech education and we we make it entertaining and sometimes we will delve into things that journalists would do but I've never claimed to be a journalist whereas he tends to take more
[13:30] of a a journalist approach um and so they got into it with this guy basically going, "Well, if you don't tow the line in terms of our marketing bullet points, uh, we're not going to seed you cards anymore, so you're not going to be able to do day one reviews, and that's going to hurt your business." Basically, like mafia tactics, &gt;&gt; withholding access. &gt;&gt; And and the funny thing is, they're not obligated to send them a GPU, right? Of course not. They're not obligated to send me a GPU. I could buy a GPU the
[14:00] same as anyone else, but there's always been an understanding that there's a mutual benefit here. We benefit from having early access giving us time to properly evaluate the product so that the day it goes on sale, people can be educated on it. And the benefit to them is if it's a really outstanding product, we will say really outstanding things about it. But the risk is if it's not a really outstanding product, we're going to be honest about that. And this
[14:30] particular Nvidia rep who no longer works there had fundamentally misunderstood that deal and thought that sending out GPUs was a marketing expense and that this was a marketing exercise. It's like bro, no it isn't. And so instead of just not sending them a card, which is well within their rights, they sent them an email threatening to not send cards if they didn't get in line. Well, that's not okay. And so we called it out. Well, first I had a call with Nvidia to get
[15:00] their side of the story. It was exactly as bad as it sounded, worse in some ways. Um, so that was horrible. Uh, and then we went on our podcast and ripped them a new [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [snorts] This was on the heels of us doing a very lucrative brand deal with them around the launch of the 3090 GPU. And they didn't work with us for two years, over two years, I think, &gt;&gt; because you criticized them publicly. because one person who isn't there
[15:30] anymore got ass hurt about me calling out their abominable behavior and so they they didn't work with us for a very long time. &gt;&gt; How big was that deal? Just to like put in perspective what &gt;&gt; the the 3090 deal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I think I could probably just say I think it was it was over $50,000 though. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; So it was a lot of money. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um but my business philosophy has always been diversify and spend conservatively. Yeah. Right. So we have always always
[16:00] had a goal to get to the point where no single company in the tech space could ever hold us hostage. &gt;&gt; We will never be dependent on anyone. Nvidia, Apple, Apple, Apple has emailed me once. I think that's it. They they like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate me. Um, Intel, AMD, I don't care. &gt;&gt; Wait, why does Apple hate you? &gt;&gt; Oh, because I'm not I mean, it's speculation, right? Because they don't communicate with me. Um, but there's a
[16:30] number of things. If you want to cover Apple, you have to play the game. You have to fit the image. I don't fit the image, right? Like, I'm more W than Jobs. And to be clear, Steve Waznjak is a lot smarter than me. I'm not actually comparing myself to Steve Waznjak. I'm just saying Apple moved away from the geeky nuts and bolts of their origin towards the, you know, now they're the company that the latest version of their AirPods Pro doesn't even have a little
[17:00] &gt;&gt; sort of lever point so you can pry off the ear tip because that wouldn't be sleek enough, I guess. &gt;&gt; Um, so I'm not sleek. I also make content that they don't like. &gt;&gt; You know, I made videos on hackintoshing back in the day, so running Mac OS on on unapproved PC hardware. Um, I am less focused on design and more focused on techspec a lot of the time. Um, I fundamentally disagree with a lot of
[17:30] their decisions. I I agree 100% with the with Epic's lawsuit that Apple was running functionally a monopoly um and engaging in many monopolistic practices through their app store and through their ecosystem. Um I don't like user lockin. I like open ecosystems. So there's just a lot of fundamental disagreements that &gt;&gt; Apple as a company and I have. Um, I don't like the way that um, &gt;&gt; unnecessarily many Apple devices end up
[18:00] shredded and e-waste because of issues with fleet management and the way that uh, device unlocking has to be done explicitly. They shred for a for a company that claims to be so eco-conscious, they shred so many devices unnecessarily through their policies. And uh, I don't like hypocrisy. Um, they're an extremely hypocritical company. I mean, Lance, have you ever felt like it was hard to speak truth to power?
[18:30] Like like like hearing you say that like Apple doesn't like you or that you know like you're so big now and that your business is diverse with all your different income streams which I want to talk about that you can like have like more outspoken opinions in some ways versus I'm thinking about the smaller YouTubers who are starting out and if they speak bad about a company &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if that YouTuber has to make like reviews of products to start out and like you said like in that example
[19:00] in video withholding like a new product could mean that creator doesn't make a video could mean that creator doesn't make as much money and could mean that creator doesn't survive. &gt;&gt; I want to make one thing clear. Nvidia did still continue to see this product but they didn't work with us in a sponsored capacity. Yeah. For years. Um, well, I think what these creators need to ask themselves is, do they want to be a tech YouTuber or do they want to be a tech YouTuber for a really long time? Because if you ever make it big, I guarantee you someone will go dig back
[19:30] into what you did in the past. And if your integrity was ever for sale, they'll find it. &gt;&gt; And so, you're just you're robbing your future self by pulling your punches. I'm not saying that you should be malicious or you should be irresponsible. I think there were times in the past where there were errors in our content that I wish our production pipeline was more sophisticated and that we could have caught that have created problems for
[20:00] for brands that we've covered. And I regret those things, right? You should never just be negative for the sake of doing damage. But if you believe something, then you should never hold back from that. And if you've measured something, then you should expose it. &gt;&gt; What's interesting like uh and and I think perhaps like relevant to think more like long term is the relationship between quality and quantity when it comes to YouTube videos. Like you put out an like a vast quantity of videos.
[20:30] Like I I was looking at it this past month. You put out over 25 videos across your different channels. And I'm wondering how do you keep up the quality when you have to be so detailed? um you're you're reviewing like products from companies that have put like years of R&amp;D into it. Um like how do you like maintain that? Especially because like Lionus, I I have this video I wanted to pull up um from your channel that I &gt;&gt; Oh boy. &gt;&gt; So here's an inside look at how we make our videos. I have everything that we just filmed for this video on this SD card. And normally I'd copy it to my
[21:00] computer, put it on these drives, ship it out to my editor since we're all remote and our files are massive. But today, thanks to our sponsor, Dropbox, that entire process just got a whole lot easier. With Dropbox, I could just plug in my card, start uploading to a shared folder with my editor, and that's it. And while it's uploading, I could batch rename my files to organize them. And if my computer crashes in the middle of a project down the road, or erases my work, then Dropbox Rewind helps me recover and restore things to exactly how it was before the crash. Best of all, with Dropbox Dash, which is
[21:30] Dropbox's new universal search and knowledge management tool, you can find anything across the apps you use most. Like, even if you forgot what you named your files or where you saved them, I I can just type in a keyword and boom, instantly all the footage, edits, photos, it's it's all in there. Plus, with Dropbox Dash, it integrates with Google, notion, and so much more. So, you can work in one place, not 10 different apps and tabs and folders. And with Stacks, you can group together content related to one project. So all your scripts, project files, it's all in one place and then you could easily share with one click with your team and
[22:00] clients. So thanks again to Dropbox for sponsoring. Try it today using my link below to see how Dropbox can help you and your team create faster. All right, now back to the video. &gt;&gt; I I was surprised you put this on your channel, this video where employees talk about what it's like to work at Linus Media Group. It's interesting because a lot of the employees talked about like your speed of production and wanting more time to really double check the quality of the videos and and especially the reviews and and I'm wondering like how do you balance those two? &gt;&gt; You know, I can tell you now that our
[22:30] upload frequency is I think half of what it was two years ago. &gt;&gt; So, as much as like yeah, we upload a lot of videos, we also have a pretty sizable team. So, our writing department is not spread nearly as thin as it used to be. &gt;&gt; Um, Linus Tech Tips, the main channel, only gets, I think, about three and a half uploads per week. Other than the WAN show, the weekly podcast, that's more off the cuff. And I think the expectations of &gt;&gt; perfection are a lot lower there. It's live. Um whereas before it used to be
[23:00] six and multiple channels that used to post regularly so uh techquicki gamelings and map address have been hiatused while we just have gotten our house in order over the last couple of years &gt;&gt; in terms of how we're doing it today. I mean, you see, you know, the frontman, right, for the band standing up there and, you know, singing, but what you don't see is um our writing team is, I
[23:30] think, 10 right now. Well, that's how because we have a lot of people doing the work. We've also put a lot of new workflows in place ever since, like I said, there was significant valid criticism, even if it came from um in in my opinion a malicious place and even if it was full of mistakes and false assumptions, there was a lot of valid criticism of our channel, right? And so we have to &gt;&gt; what?
[24:00] &gt;&gt; Oh, like like just errors in the accuracy, you know, errors on the graphs. um in incomplete explanations and and that's something that we were looking at already. You know, I had already hired a CEO &gt;&gt; to help me get the ship in order. You know, we had we had already started the process because we had recognized the issues, &gt;&gt; but it takes time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And these things take time and and so we've put a lot of processes in place. So we have a more formal um error
[24:30] response rubric now you know where we determine the severity and we have you know how to determine what the severity is and what the action that we take is so it's no longer a question internally like oh there's an error in the video what do I do because that used to be it it used to just wait until like I made a call &gt;&gt; whereas now we have all these different severity levels and we have all these different action plans that we can take &gt;&gt; if an error is spotted &gt;&gt; if it's like take me through a decision entry like what's an example? &gt;&gt; Sure. Well, here I can just I can just
[25:00] bring it up, right? Because we posted we published it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; here it is. Video error handling standard operating procedure or SOP. &gt;&gt; Okay. We classify errors in terms of whether they are script errors or verbal errors or whether they are visual errors. Those have their own sort of action plans. &gt;&gt; And then we rate them in severity from one which is very low severity. This statement could possibly be misunderstood, but is generally true and most people would be fine with how it's currently presented. All the way up to
[25:30] five, which is very high severity. This statement is very incorrect. Basically, the opposite of correct. There's no charitable interpretation that could make this anything but completely irresponsible. &gt;&gt; And so, at a one, we take no action. Um, at a five, the video is removed until corrective action can be taken. &gt;&gt; Who's assessing this? And so this would be assessed by our channel manager. &gt;&gt; Channel manager. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And and is this after the video is done? &gt;&gt; Well, this would be this. Okay. This assumes that the video is published.
[26:00] &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. But Oh, before a video is done, we fix it. &gt;&gt; We fix it. Yeah. And you try to do everything to put good faith effort to fact check and and and make sure the video like is as true as possible. This is if like comments are coming in like, hey, that's off. What's going on? That's where your channel manager assesses the severity and you take one of those actions. So beforehand we do our own script review. So two writers will look at any script at least before it gets published. And then we also have a really amazing group of community
[26:30] members that we call the ECC squad. &gt;&gt; That's so interesting to hear because I I got to be honest like one thing I struggle with is like I put a ton of research into these interviews and our graphics and everything and I want to make sure they're as accurate as possible and the few times I've tried to like outsource or hire people for this I found errors. &gt;&gt; That's why you got to do both. &gt;&gt; And and Yeah. But but then then I'm like I I just I just um say, "Oh, no, no, thank you. I'm not outsourcing this." And I bring it back in house. And and I feel like that's hurt us from growing as fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you're you're putting out so many pieces of content and and some of it
[27:00] you're like the the bloodiest is the first one through the glass. Um but also you've developed processes that can fix that. &gt;&gt; And you know, &gt;&gt; they create their own problems. I mean, I can tell you that burnout on our team is way worse now that we have these like endless checks. Like our Dan, um, one of our guys who works kind of in it slashadmin slash he's our podcast producer, wears a lot of hats. Um, he created a flowchart of the process start
[27:30] to finish of creating, ideulating an LTT video and pressing publish. And it was, I kid you not, like like like 10 pages long for like flow processes and stuff with all the different departments and all the different checks that need to be done. And we're trying to figure out how to streamline it again right now cuz it's it's this constant dialing in. Nobody ever has it perfect. And yeah, were we too fly by night and loosey goosey before? Yeah, undoubtedly. Did we
[28:00] go too far the other way to the point where we had like fact check paralysis? Yeah, probably. So, we're going to have to find our balance again. &gt;&gt; That's so interesting here in the in the context of YouTube cuz I feel like to succeed on this platform, you have to be a speedboat, not a cruise ship. &gt;&gt; And it's interesting to hear like how you navigate that as such a big channel. &gt;&gt; How about a speed ship? [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't know. I mean, like, uh, &gt;&gt; the world's biggest jet ski. You're just like a little You're a little guy on the top of it. It's like huge.
[28:30] I I mean it just like I I I we're growing and and it's it's been a lot to like think about like checklists and processes. I can't imagine like the scale of 100 plus employees &gt;&gt; and it's not something that comes naturally to me which again is why I sort of recognized the situation we were in and was trying to hire process. Yeah. And and and leadership in that way. anything else with like writing or or scripting or like other like rules of of YouTube that you have like Lionus like
[29:00] I just think like like you put pen to paper before you turn on a camera in a really interesting way and seeing you like go through a teleprompter like it seems like you're very like tactical with the words that you say. &gt;&gt; Nobody wants their time wasted. It's our most precious resource. And as part of my writing process, I will I will I will rehearse as I'm writing. I tell the writers, I even tell our business team when they're putting together sponsor talking points. I'm like, if you haven't read it out loud, you haven't done the work because that's what it's ultimately
[29:30] destined for. It's not destined to be words on a page. It's destined to be read and it's destined to be heard. &gt;&gt; Go stand in front of a mirror. I don't care if you're our on-screen talent or not. Do it with inflection because you'll catch all kinds of errors that way. like, oh man. Um, sometimes you'll end up with a paragraph that is so full of 13900K running at 4.8 gigahertz with 256 kilobytes of level one cache and blah blah blah where it becomes incomprehensible.
[30:00] You read that easily, but listening to it is like painful. And so the the the spoken pass, the voice pass or the or the reading it rehearsal to yourself is a way that you can catch things like that before they ever make it to the teleprompter. You read something like that and you go, "This is awful. Why don't we just say it's a really fast CPU and show all the numbers on screen? We're creating for video for crying out loud. We don't have to say everything." That's so, you know, it's so interesting you say that reminds me of my interview
[30:30] with Ara where he bought all his editors webcams and mics. So when they do temp audio, they're they're performing it like him instead of writing it as a placeholder before, you know, Eric comes in &gt;&gt; because it'll help with the pacing. &gt;&gt; It'll help with the pacing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So it's interesting to hear like voice passes. I Yeah. I feel like not too many creators like do that at all. &gt;&gt; Uh you know, I'm up to like 10,000 videos now or something like that. So this is what this is what 10,000 videos look like if you start being complete ass. So anyone can do it. It just takes
[31:00] so much so much practice. Yeah, I saw this graph that you recently put out about how you guys make money. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I was wondering if you could break this down and talk about how you think about the money that comes in the Alliance Media Group. &gt;&gt; Um, I think about it in terms of sustainability, right? So, every one of these revenue streams, you know, you &gt;&gt; they have different characteristics, right? So, some of them are more profitable than others. Like this is
[31:30] just revenue. This is dollars [clears throat] coming in. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I could have $100 million revenue if I sold screwdrivers for 10 million of them. &gt;&gt; That would be $100 million revenue, but I would have lost tens of millions of dollars. So, that's not that's not profitability. That doesn't help me pay my employees. It doesn't help me buy equipment. It doesn't help me keep the lights on, right? &gt;&gt; So, you break this revenue down and you look at it in terms of like, okay, how profitable is it? &gt;&gt; How predictable is it? Uh, Flowplane,
[32:00] for instance, is only 7.2% of our revenue. &gt;&gt; That's your membership. &gt;&gt; That's our membership. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Content. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But that's a subscription. &gt;&gt; That's recurring. Those are from our incredible like, shout out my floaters. Um, those those are from our incredible supporters who are giving us anywhere from three to$10 a month to, you know, sometimes behind the scenes early access um just to support the channel. And we have over 40,000 of them right now.
[32:30] &gt;&gt; Wow. and they're awesome and I can count on that. So when I'm planning, you know, when I'm going, okay, you know, yeah, can we can we have a dedicated person whose job it is is to just go around and make behind the scenes for them. I go, well, yeah, of course we can because we can count on them, &gt;&gt; right? Whereas if I were to look at um YouTube AdSense, I can count on that to a degree, but it's more volatile. If we have a rough month for uploads, AdSense goes way down. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And then if we have a really great
[33:00] month, AdSense goes way up. &gt;&gt; Floatplane doesn't have that. It never has a spike, but it never has really a big dip. It's been pretty consistent growth overall, you know, outside of scandals or whatever. And then, okay, invido sponsor spots and sponsored projects. Uh these are quite predictable because world-class team, our business team is outstanding. We brought business in-house over 10 years ago. We don't use outside uh like agents. We do work with agencies. Yeah. Um and some of them are
[33:30] really great, &gt;&gt; some of them are not great. Um and that's why we brought it in house. But our team is outstanding and they are a big part of why we can weather a storm in our AdSense because if you look at it, &gt;&gt; invide sponsor spots and fully sponsored videos are each about as much as AdSense overall. So where one channel that doesn't have those might have their adsense drop by a third which drops their revenue by a third, our revenue will drop by one one
[34:00] &gt;&gt; nth &gt;&gt; which is a lot more sustainable. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Um &gt;&gt; and just to differentiate those uh inv video sponsorships are like a 60-second integration. &gt;&gt; Sponsored projects are the entire video is about the product. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; YouTube AdSense is like pure profit. I don't have any headcount. that's directly associated with YouTube AdSense. Whereas sponsored projects and invido sponsor spots, they're a lot of work. They're [clears throat] a heavy lift, right? We could just upload the video and we would get ads. &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, there's a ton of editing
[34:30] costs and production costs that go there, but that that's kind of shared across a lot, &gt;&gt; but it's shared across everything. Whereas, you know, directly there's people who create flow plane &gt;&gt; to double click on sponsorships. Like, do you have any like tips or like how do you guys pitch like sponsors or like like how do you like land a deal? because I I think bringing in in-house is such an interesting move. We've done the same thing and I find that we've been far more effective. I'm wondering like how have you been able to land bigger sponsors or what do you do inhouse that kind of differentiates you guys? &gt;&gt; I would say um you know a big part of it
[35:00] is understanding who you're talking to &gt;&gt; and for us a really important thing is treating every brand deal like it could be a long-term relationship. &gt;&gt; And sometimes that means not charging as much. Someone might come to you with an offer and you go that's too much. I cannot give you ROI on that &gt;&gt; because I want them to come back. I want repeat customers. I want because that's part of having a diverse predictable, right? Predictable. I want a predictable
[35:30] revenue stream. So, we like to work with brands on at least a quarterly, ideally an annual basis in terms of their upfront commitments for what we're going to do for the year. and we like to make sure that they are getting taken care of and make sure that they're getting a return on that. Um, so like, okay, we had a collab product a little while ago that was like a co-branded one. I'm not going to name it because it flopped. &gt;&gt; And you know, that was impacting their willingness to spend with us and I
[36:00] basically went to the business team and I said, &gt;&gt; "Fucking find a way to sell it. &gt;&gt; It's to be clear, it didn't flop because it's like bad. It's not harmful to the user or anything like that. It's a perfectly good product. It's just it was kind of expensive and and it was kind of a niche product and whatever, right? &gt;&gt; Um like but it's fine. It's it's good product. No such thing as a bad product, just a bad price. &gt;&gt; Sort not really. But the point is I went to them. I was like, "Hey, we need to do what it takes. We need to like promote this,
[36:30] &gt;&gt; you know, buy the inventory from them and then sell it at a loss on our store. I don't care. But we have to do right because at the end of the day, &gt;&gt; you know, I take the word partner extremely seriously, right? And brands are not just brands like they're they're partners. They &gt;&gt; they give us something, we give them something in return. You know, tech companies, they I see them as a partner, too. They give us the product to review. We give up them our honest feedback. &gt;&gt; The deal has to be clear. It has to be upfront. So in the case of a of a brand
[37:00] sponsor, right, they are expecting some kind of ROI. Well, find out what it is. What are their KPIs for this campaign? Do they want people to sign up for their giveaway? Do they want sales? Do they want awareness? What what are they after? &gt;&gt; And how do we make sure that we are not taking such an ridiculous amount of money that it's going to leave a bad taste in their mouth? And we don't always get it right. Nobody does. But in general, we try to I like to stack W's &gt;&gt; is what I tell the team. And the more W's we can stack, the better. So, one of
[37:30] my best examples, this was like probably my best idea ever, was our tech upgrade series, which at first we had sponsored by Intel and then they dropped the ball and now it's sponsored by AMD. And we take a member of our team and it's drawn by lottery system and they get a $5,000 budget to do a tech dream overhaul of whatever. It has to incorporate something from the sponsor brand just to make sure they're like getting some on
[38:00] camera time in the video. But beyond that, it's up to you. We've had people buy things as diverse as neck massagers to controllers for their meat smoker to freaking uh model trains. like anything you imagine it and someone on our team has an interest in it and they want to spend money on it. &gt;&gt; And that's one of my favorite examples of stacking W's because the company wins because we get the sponsorship revenue. &gt;&gt; The sponsor wins because they get this incredible positive brand association
[38:30] that is deeply integrated to your point before into content that is just for tech lovers by tech lovers. It it creates all the good vibes that you want from naturally sp sponsored content that's not shoehorned in there. It's not unnatural. Yeah. Right. The audience wins because they love it and they get an opportunity to meet members of our team that they otherwise would never get a chance to meet. They get to see behind the curtain that way and they freaking love it. They also get a lot of practical um inspiration from these because we're
[39:00] making very different decisions, very personal decisions when someone is spending their own $5,000 budget versus when we're trying to imagine a hypothetical person and design a gaming PC for them. Yeah. Right. And then the fourth W is for the person who gets the upgrade. &gt;&gt; They get a $5,000 upgrade. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Everybody wins. What else in this uh like uh pie chart &gt;&gt; creator warehouse okay that is greater
[39:30] than half of our total revenue now &gt;&gt; give context for people who don't know what is that &gt;&gt; so that's our that's our merch brand our merch development company essentially now I mean it's got 20 people works for it or something like that uh you know plus you know 3PL logistics plus you know contractors and whatnot um and it's it's it's a huge source of revenue for us now but it has sort the worst things of all of the others &gt;&gt; all piled into it, right? Like it has lower margin compared to just uploading
[40:00] a video and getting AdSense money. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um much much higher overhead. It is it is I guess these are all just money. Like it's it's so expensive to run a physical goods business. It has a ton of potential brand damage exposure, right? Like all it takes is, you know, one customer service representative to miss one stupid email and someone's on Reddit being like, "So much for Lionus' trust me bro guarantee." It's like, &gt;&gt; dude, if I'd seen the email, I'd have
[40:30] been happy to respond to it. But, you know, stuff happens, right? And and to be clear, you know, I'm not upset with them for airing their grievances. It's a it's a real valid grievance, but &gt;&gt; it is also frustrating for me because no, I literally cannot like reply to every customer support ticket. Sometimes there are things beyond our control like the whole situation with tariffs in the US right now led to a lot of confusion in the logistics industry that led to a lot of packages being failed to deliver and just ultimately destroyed and so people would order like a limited
[41:00] edition product and we only printed it limited edition because we're not going to lie to you and say it's limited edition but actually we're just going to make it forever and then your your package gets destroyed because it got lost in the tariff confusion and then we can't send you another one like I didn't ask you to cancel the order. I just wanted my order. It's like [snorts] I don't have one. I don't have one to send you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. And so it creates a lot of it's a huge surface that your brand is exposed over and the lead times are are horrible. Like I mean we famously took
[41:30] three years to develop our screwdriver. That's just R&amp;D R&amp;D R&amp;D R&amp;D R&amp;D for maybe a return, &gt;&gt; right? And so, yeah, it looks really impressive, right? It's that big piece of the pie, but it's the kind of thing that I wouldn't encourage every small creator to go chasing right away because there's other lowerhanging fruit, you know, more profitable, [clears throat] easier to scale things, &gt;&gt; more predictable, &gt;&gt; more predictable. And but this is I
[42:00] mean, this is how you turn yourself from &gt;&gt; an online influencer into a brand. And that's something that I can't take any credit for pioneering, but it's definitely something that I recognized over time because &gt;&gt; we ask ourselves, you know, what value are we adding? And when it came to just like putting our logo on t-shirts and hats, I wasn't convinced there was a ton of value. But if we had an idea, you know, whether it's a folding clothes hanger or whether it's a really amazing
[42:30] everyday carry knife, you know, to call out a couple of other really cool creator products or whether it's a just a better balanced screwdriver, &gt;&gt; um, then yeah, I think using the resources that you gain on the the influence side to to make a product that people are really going to love is, as far as I can tell, the current endgame. &gt;&gt; Yeah. How many products do you guys have? Like how many have you built in house? &gt;&gt; Oh, uh, at least 100. I don't know. Lots. Like everything I'm wearing right
[43:00] now, this hoodie, &gt;&gt; the zippers, everything else. Wow. &gt;&gt; No, the zipper is YKK. &gt;&gt; But, but I mean, you guys have like put this all together. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. These are the cargo pants I'm wearing are fully custom. The lanyard my keys are on is custom. My underwear is LTT. &gt;&gt; Wow. Uh, the only thing that I'm wearing that is not LT other than the Vessie shoes from our sponsor Vessie are these socks that I got at Creator Summit YouTube socks. &gt;&gt; Got it. Lionus, can you share what uh
[43:30] like topline revenue is? Like how much is Linus Tech Tips worth today? Lionus Media Group. &gt;&gt; Oo, that's a good question. I I try not to like I had to look this up. &gt;&gt; I don't actually get like a quarterly breakdown of this stuff. Um, I like to be really focused on the creative side of things as long as, you know, the lights are on and everybody's being paid on time and I can have a budget for whackadoodle projects. Like I bought a
[44:00] $30,000 CPU cooler recently, which is like insane. Uh, we bought we spent 15 grand on um a display wall, &gt;&gt; you know, like LED display wall uh on Craigslist. Yeah. Sight unseen. But our viewers love that stuff, you know. They want to see us &gt;&gt; be the one to who would possibly buy this on Craigslist. &gt;&gt; I'll be the guy. I'll [snorts] do it. Let's all and let's all experience what that's like together, right? So, as long as I have that, &gt;&gt; I don't worry too much about that. What
[44:30] I will say is that if someone were to offer for our company today, uh it wouldn't be as much as the offer that I've talked about in the past, which was a hundred million. Um I would be surprised if it was less than 50. &gt;&gt; You would sell for less than 50. &gt;&gt; No, no. I'd be surprised if someone offered less than 50. I would laugh at them if it was less than 50. &gt;&gt; Why Why would the value or the offer of Linus Media Group go down? &gt;&gt; We had more viewership two years ago than we do today. And so I would say
[45:00] that there's some weakening in the brand there. &gt;&gt; With that said, even though viewership is maybe half of what it was then, I wouldn't say that the valuation would be half. And the reason for that is that the physical goods business has picked up in a big way. The creator economy has generally matured over that time. So sponsorship rates are always kind of going up for us as more and more dollars come flooding into this space. uh we are less dependent than ever on those sponsor dollars thanks to our in-house
[45:30] developed merch um and our wonderful supporters on flowplane. So for that reason I would say it would probably be somewhere between &gt;&gt; you know where our viewership is and where the previous valuation was. &gt;&gt; Is there a number you'd sell Lionus Media Group for now? 100 mil was a lot and what I asked myself was how would this change my life and the answer was it wouldn't um I have been extremely
[46:00] lucky I've worked hard to be clear but I have been extremely lucky I was in the right place at the right time with an incredible team a supportive partner um and I have uh and I'm like I have a fancy car now but it was like I bought it when it was not just affordable, you know. I went straight from I went from my old Civic that we would jokingly call the Lamborghini, um, just like ramshackle Civic, manual transmission,
[46:30] you know, to I got like a Chevy Volt. And that was when that was only really because we were um we put my Civic on the show floor at one of our conventions and we put out pens and like glitter and stuff and we let the community decorate it and they trashed it. Unfortunately, it was not a proud moment for our community. They like put glue all over the windcreen and stuff. So, I had to get a new car. And we'd also been thinking about doing more car content. So, I was like, "Okay, maybe a way to do this would be I like daily drive them." And that's So, I bought a Chevy Volt cuz
[47:00] it seemed like a super practical car. and then went straight from there to like the Porsche Tyan. &gt;&gt; There's definitely cool stuff that I could do, but the big dreams that I had at that time were either within my reach without selling. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Or they were dreams that I could only really achieve by staying as the head of the company. &gt;&gt; So the ones that I needed to stay with the company for were I think what we're doing with labs is really important. We
[47:30] have had some missteps along the way, but I think that in time um someone has to do something about the initification of trying to buy stuff &gt;&gt; like listicles that are written by people or realistically AI bots that have never actually touched the product, right? Um storefronts like Amazon that are just full of, you know, random brand name that's just a bunch of consonants. uh who paid the most to be at the top of
[48:00] the search result, right? Like I want us to go back to what I tried to do at NCIX where we educate people on their purchases in hopes that we will create less waste that way because I am such a buy once, cry once person. I'm not saying that you shouldn't, you know, engage in consumerism, right? You shouldn't like buy a fancy thing that appeals to you by by all means, you know, whatever. I'm I'm not here to judge. I just want you to make a wise
[48:30] decision that you're happy with. &gt;&gt; I don't want you to be misled into buying the wrong thing. So, our labs team is working on just, you know, testing, making sure that people are ending up with the right product. &gt;&gt; Um, and we weren't done yet. We're still not done. We have a we have a ton of work to do. And I need to be in charge because I need to know that it's not just going to get cut when times are tough. that team is a resource sync &gt;&gt; and doesn't have revenue directly attached to it and so I see the value
[49:00] &gt;&gt; but if we were to sell to some private equity firm or something like that I don't know that they would see the value &gt;&gt; I also don't know that they would properly recognize the value of our team on an ongoing basis so &gt;&gt; that was a big part of why I didn't take it from that standpoint and then in terms of like the financial goals that I still had I'm looking at it going well like I wouldn't get a hundred million dollar offer if I wasn't making money at this company, right? So, I wanted to start a badminton club, but I was like, can I save up for a
[49:30] couple years and do it then? &gt;&gt; I can I can wait, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so, so to be clear, like, do you regret not selling your channel for $100 million? &gt;&gt; I mean, I don't think anyone could look you in the eye across this table and say, "I've never thought what that might have been like." But regret, no. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I want to rewind to when you almost went broke. &gt;&gt; Um I I I feel like &gt;&gt; which time? &gt;&gt; Well, I want to talk about this because I I I've watched all your past podcast.
[50:00] I feel like this is a moment you don't talk about enough. Um can you take me through like when you were getting started and &gt;&gt; you know, you're getting the channel up and running and that bank account is going to zero. Like &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; What was happening because I think it's something that a lot of creators like relate to at first. &gt;&gt; Okay. How deep do you want to go? &gt;&gt; As deep as possible. &gt;&gt; Okay. Let's start then. when I was working at the computer store. So, I was still there. I was doing my day job. I was watching the revenue pour in from AdSense at the time and I was &gt;&gt; And this is NCIX.
[50:30] &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I was going, "Okay, wow. This could be sustainable, right? This could be could be enough. &gt;&gt; It's not enough enough." I mean, we had 117,000 subscribers, I think, when I went indie. So, &gt;&gt; you know, you do the math. That's not enough for a team of three people right out of the gate. It was me, two employees, and then my wife was helping with a lot of things behind the scenes, but she also had her day job as a pharmacist. &gt;&gt; Now, we didn't have a huge nest egg. We had just purchased a home and we had
[51:00] just had our first kid. &gt;&gt; So, that was 8 months before we started the YouTube company. So, everything was just the worst possible timing really. And but I was still I was looking at those numbers. I was going, "Okay, this could be doable." I went to my boss. said, "Okay, I want to leave. I want to negotiate a deal where I take this Linus Tech Tips channel. You keep the NCIX TechTips channel. I help you run that channel. I help you with the succession plan, but I want to buy the Linus Tech Tips channel for a dollar."
[51:30] &gt;&gt; We ultimately did reach a deal and I didn't have to pay for the channel. So, that was huge, but that didn't mean that I had startup capital. That didn't mean that I had a huge runway. All I really had was a small nest egg that my wife and I had started to build up around the time that we decided to do it. So that was in August. Yeah. You know, and we split in the end of December, so not a ton. And then we also had my wife's income, but even that was reduced because she was on maternity leave at
[52:00] the time. &gt;&gt; So looking back, it's insane. I I I don't know what the heck we were possibly thinking, but the trick was doing it. And what I learned is that in business, you make a lot of friends. &gt;&gt; You make a lot of people who you think can will have your back, you know, if you were to ever lose your job or shift positions or or need help in some way. And what you discover is that once you're not in a position where they kind
[52:30] of need you to buy their product or market their product or whatever else, a lot of those friendships evaporate. And so what happened was I looked at it going, "Okay, well here's all these brands that I have really good contacts at. &gt;&gt; If even a fraction of them will, you know, sponsor us, then we can make this work." And that's exactly what I ended up with. I ended up with just a fraction of them. Our very first CES, basically
[53:00] the only reason we were able to do it, and that was a really makeorb breakak moment for us. So CES is the consumer electronics show. That's where every tech brand goes. And I knew we needed to be there because we needed a bunch of content and I needed contacts both to get our hands on product so that we could review it and also to try to make inroads with the marketing folks so that we could sustain our business. And this is your first CES as an independent YouTuber. &gt;&gt; That's right. So, we got enough
[53:30] sponsorship. I believe our gold sponsor was $5,000 and that covered we uploaded I think somewhere between 30 and 40 videos. That was our gold sponsor for those videos. And our silver sponsors I believe were $2,500 each. We got $10,000, which was a ton of money at the time and still a lot of money, but a week long trip to Vegas for four people, right? It was me, I had Luke, I had Edel, and then we actually had another
[54:00] guy who was there with us to kind of help us out. And that's where the magic kind of comes in because you're probably looking at it going, "Okay, hotel and flights for three to four people for $10,000. That's how could you possibly make any money on it?" So the fourth guy was just a buddy of Luke's whose dad wanted him to make inroads in the tech industry. So he was a tag along and his dad covered our hotels if I recall correctly. So that was the only way we were able to get there. &gt;&gt; And when we got there, we were able to
[54:30] make some connections that ultimately led to our first brand deals. They were really small, but what they allowed us to do was survive. Because the first six months we were burning like any startup business, we were burning cash. &gt;&gt; Payroll goes out, AdSense comes in, but it's not enough. And right the week, literally the week that we ran out of the nest egg and Ivon's income and we
[55:00] reached that inflection point where we were not going to have payroll, the first sponsor check arrived from those connections we made at CES. But that's how close it was and that was what it took. So that week we did over 30 videos plus I was having meetings with any brand manager that would even take a phone call or a text message or an email uh for five minutes just please let me talk to you about what we're doing. I had this cringe pitch deck. &gt;&gt; This is this is the pitch deck you used
[55:30] to get your first sponsors. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; I like pretty much did it myself. Ed cleaned it up a little bit. I did all the copy and it's not very good. But hey, it got the job done. &gt;&gt; I'm wondering when you were at your like old job at um NCIX, like were there things that you were learning before you went independent that you now apply today or that helped you make that jump? Like &gt;&gt; I'll tell you the last thing that I learned there first, the most important one is time management.
[56:00] &gt;&gt; So my boss calls me into his office. He goes, "Our competitors are making these videos. I think online video is the future." And I'm like, "Okay." I was I've always been more of a text guy. I I like reading. I like writing video. I had no background in video whatsoever. In front of, behind a camera, on a timeline, nothing. Um, so he calls me into his office. He goes, "Well, I want you to make these videos so that we have videos, too, because I don't know, you seem presentable enough and you care about, you know, what a RAM timing is. So, so, so go make videos." And like
[56:30] many of his assignments, I treated it like it was a passing thought of his that he'd forget about. So, I ignored it. And then he brought me in a few weeks later and he goes, "Why haven't you done this?" in much more colorful language. Basically, where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are these videos? And I kind of go, "Well, I didn't want to tell him I didn't do it because I thought you weren't serious about it the same way that I, you know, did things with my father. You know, my my dad when I was growing up, he would ask me to do something." And the only way to know if he actually cared or not was to not do it and then wait to see if
[57:00] he followed it up, right? Because he'd ask all kinds of random stuff. So, I was like, I didn't want to say, "Well, Jack, I didn't do it because I thought that [laughter] you probably would forget." Uh, so I kind of went, "Oh, yeah. Well, I've just been really busy, you know." And he goes, "Well, no more excuses." And he literally goes to the president of the company's office. He takes the camera that he bought for his son for Christmas that apparently he didn't use. He brings it over. He hands it to me. He assigns me someone from our graphic design department who is the original the
[57:30] cameraman to operate the camera and to edit the videos. And he goes, "Okay, no more excuses. Do it." And I kind of went, "Okay." So that very first one was I basically had no idea what I was doing and I was trying to find something bite-sized, something I didn't have to do a ton of research for because &gt;&gt; time management, I already had multiple jobs. Uh, so I picked a heat sink. Very simple, easy story. I decided very early
[58:00] on that &gt;&gt; to make a review video about &gt;&gt; well I wouldn't necessarily describe it as a review and I'll get to that because very early on I felt that the worst thing that you could do as a company was sell. Selling is gross. Nobody, you know, think about a salesman trope. Do you like it? M &gt;&gt; whether it's an extended warranty upsell or you know whether it's uh going to check with my manager to see if they can do that price. Do you like anything
[58:30] about salesmanship? &gt;&gt; No. I mean definitely has like a stigma around it. &gt;&gt; Right. And so I decided very early on that if we were going to build an authentic relationship with our customers who ultimately we wanted to sell them computer hardware, it had to be through education. So that very first video was not intended to be a review. It was intended to simply impart some knowledge that would help people make an informed decision when they were shopping. &gt;&gt; So, I got this heat sink that I felt was a really good value, the Sunbeam Tech
[59:00] Tunic Tower, and I did a simple tutorial of how to install it. And I got a lot of push back for that approach because upper Management wanted me to sell, sell, sell, sell, do a segment on our weekly special. And I'm like, no, &gt;&gt; no, no, no, no. We should create a more informed customer base and then naturally if you do a good job of the weekly sale, they'll see products that they recognize are good and they'll buy them. &gt;&gt; And that's a much healthier
[59:30] relationship. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But where we had a fundamental disagreement was where he said, "Our primary goal as a company is to stock less, is to buy less inventory." And I said, "I don't think that's a good guiding star. I think our primary goal as a company should be to sell more, not buy less, because buying less is a is a shrinking company mindset. &gt;&gt; Selling more is a growth mindset. And we argued about it sort of back and forth
[60:00] for a while. &gt;&gt; You and the owner. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he ultimately said, "Look, &gt;&gt; I don't want to argue about this anymore. this is the direction I've set and if you can't get behind it then maybe you should just make videos. Well, obviously he meant for him. But I mean the numbers had been going up. You know, the the first time I could buy coffee with an AdSense check was well in the rearview mirror.
[60:30] &gt;&gt; The first time I could buy a meal was also well in the rearview mirror. It had been growing and growing and growing and I kind of went, "Yeah, maybe I should just make videos." And that was when I started to kind of lay the groundwork for what a plan would look like to to separate, what a negotiation with him might look like to be able to retain the channel. And so I basically came to them with two offers. &gt;&gt; I'm leaving. Offer number one is I buy the Linus Tech Tips channel for $1. You
[61:00] have no equity. I own it and I own the IP. I own linus techtips.com the domain which currently you own but then I will own and I will in return give you two years of a very reasonable deal for me to continue to host NCX tech tips on what will still be your channel. &gt;&gt; During that time I will come in once a week. I will post the videos and I will also do some mentorship to help you build out an internal team that will
[61:30] continue to run those videos for you. Also, I will give you a perpetual license for any Linus Tech Tips content to continue to use it as rich video merchandising on your site. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Because if you recall, that's how they were using it. &gt;&gt; Any product that they sold, it was nice to have a video on the page. So, you guys &gt;&gt; forever licensed fee free will use Linus Tech Tips content on your website. Number three, I will sign a non-compete where I will not take sponsorships for a
[62:00] period of I think I gave them two years or three, something like that with competing retail entities. And I had some stipulations for what made something competing. But we agreed with a handshake that Newegg was competing and Amazon was competing and like tech retailers were competing. But if I was to do something for say Home Depot, that that would not be [snorts] competing. It wasn't just a blanket. Anything that's a retailer is competing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that was my offer.
[62:30] Offer number two, I'm leaving and I have no prospects, so I'm going to go work for Newegg, &gt;&gt; their biggest competitor. &gt;&gt; Yes. Because I don't want to be here anymore. &gt;&gt; Wow. And what happened from there? Was there a response? So it took them actually almost 4 months to sign the deal and I have to take part of the responsibility for that because the way that I departed was in retrospect not great. On the one hand I did graciously
[63:00] give them four months notice which is a long time. I now recognize especially a very long time and to go back I would not do that and I wouldn't ask anyone for that much notice because realistically once someone has given their resignation &gt;&gt; they're done they're like they're they're done they're out and and no amount of of self willpower can make you care about something that you literally are not invested in anymore right um so I gave them four months notice but
[63:30] without talking to them about it I tried to poach the cameramen and when they found out our deal that we had, they wanted to rip it up. They came back, they said, and it it was emotional, but it was a valid emotion. They were really angry that I would without even talking to them. These are people that we got to remember, right? Business is business, but relationships are relationships.
[64:00] These are people that I've I've stood in the trenches with and and we've done store grand openings with and we've we've worked hard together and yeah, it was work and yeah, I was paid and and they were paid and everything, right? But I'd like to think that it's a little deeper than just an exchange of money, goods and services, right? And so, yeah, I I agree that that was a betrayal of of trust to not talk about it with them. Say, "Hey, before you tried to poach
[64:30] like to bring him with me &gt;&gt; because my intention &gt;&gt; from the start was to bring him with me as as our shooter editor and and and business partner &gt;&gt; cuz you real you needed a staff like to go independent &gt;&gt; and I wanted him I wanted him to be the one he was there from day zero. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And um &gt;&gt; not realizing that could hurt like NCX the company that you were leaving with their &gt;&gt; Oh, I knew it would hurt them. He was very important there by that time. He was not just a graphic designer. he was pretty senior in the leadership team as
[65:00] well. And so I I should have known better. I should have I should have talked through it. Um I I should have given that them that opportunity to at least consider the entire scope of what they were agreeing to. &gt;&gt; So when he found out he wanted to completely cancel the deal &gt;&gt; and owner did. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And basically what happened then was I was there I was still working there. Things are a little tense as you can imagine. I don't have a signed deal for the ownership of the Linus Tech Tips channel,
[65:30] &gt;&gt; but I'm still plugging away day-to-day on the PC systems and product management, training my replacements, uh, uploading YouTube videos, trying to, you know, move forward in good faith. And he basically comes to me and he says, "Okay, new deal. He doesn't go with you. And number two is I want equity." And I kind of went, okay, I'm not giving tag along equity to someone who knows absolutely nothing about this business. I don't think that that makes sense. I wanted to bootstrap it because I wanted
[66:00] to have the control to never have someone tell me again, you know, you have to sell. It can't be about the education. You have to do this. You have to do that. The whole point was that I wanted to build a team the way that I wanted to do it. And I wanted to build a company the way that I wanted to do it. And so I ultimately, you know, I talked to the cameraman. He's like, "Yeah, I mean, my job here is realistically not that bad, and this isn't going to be a guarantee anyway. So, um, you do what you got to do, and and I respect him a lot for that, um, for making it possible for us to even come back to the
[66:30] negotiating table." But I said, "No equity." So, okay, new deal, but no equity. And it wasn't until literally December 31st with the incorporation of Linus Media Group being January 1 of the following year. Uh December 31st, he was actually in China and I was like, "Hey, we still don't have a deal. My payroll starts tomorrow. Do I have a channel or not because I'm not coming to work?" &gt;&gt; You're like talking to the owner.
[67:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I I was hard to get in touch with him. He was like, "I'm overseas. I don't want to talk about this right now." I'm like, "Dude, we've had four months to talk about this. Are we doing this or not? and he says yes. And so it like came down to the line with my team too having no idea how I'm going to pay them. Like they walked away, one walked away from school and the other walked away from well school and potential job opportunities to come and do this with me. [laughter] It was the whole thing was crazy. We didn't even have a channel
[67:30] yet. So that was probably one of the most tense moments in my life, right? Because I remember walking around in the family room at my old house pacing pacing on the phone like will he won't he will he won't he. And I'd had conversations with with the the team members like do you guys think we can do this if we have to start a channel fresh? I don't know. Turns out we wouldn't have been able to because we almost ran out of money even as it was even with an established channel. &gt;&gt; Wait, so you were going to start your
[68:00] own YouTube channel regardless of &gt;&gt; that's what they had signed up for? the the the the the two employees that you &gt;&gt; I told them we'd try. &gt;&gt; So what so wow you were ready to go like you were gonna start like another channel. Did you have a name if it wasn't going to be Lion Tech Tips? &gt;&gt; No, because we were counting on getting the deal done. &gt;&gt; The deal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But if you didn't get the deal done, you would have started a YouTube channel, had those two employees with you, um but been starting with zero subscribers as opposed to the 100red or 200,000 you had at that point. &gt;&gt; That was the plan. And I I don't think we would have made it. What what what
[68:30] gave you that conviction line is to go like all in even if you didn't acquire &gt;&gt; the team choice did I have &gt;&gt; they walked away from other opportunities to to do this &gt;&gt; and you had already promised them salaries and jobs. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that that's fascinating. On day one of you being an independent creator, you already had two hires. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which is actually very different than most creators who have like &gt;&gt; they're going to go on their own solo. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. until they make enough money.
[69:00] Um, like what gave you the clarity to hire two people on day one? Because I I actually did the same thing like when I worked at Instagram and YouTube, I built up enough savings. I was like, I'm going into this as as as a business and made my first hire shortly after like leaving my day job to just grow and scale. But I find it's surprising that very few creators do that. You know, savings is obviously a big component. But what gave you the clarity to do that? How much money did you get have like saved up? Because obviously YouTube back then, what year was that? uh 2012 I want to say. &gt;&gt; Okay. Like
[69:30] even Wilder West than it is now. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Um how much savings, if I could ask, did you have at this time to be able to hire two people on day one? &gt;&gt; Got to be honest with you, I don't know, but I doubt it was more than like 10 grand. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Like we had regular income coming in from Ivon's like maternity leave check. &gt;&gt; Your your wife? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sorry. &gt;&gt; And but like Yeah. I mean I was just I was just working a job at a computer store. Like I had a I had an infant child. I I didn't have a ton of money. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. So So you're a new dad.
[70:00] $10,000 is &gt;&gt; I'm guessing all you have in the bank, &gt;&gt; but there's no way it was a ton. &gt;&gt; It was not No, it was a ton. And then you have two employees on day one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Maybe I had maybe it was 15 or 20. I don't know. It wasn't a lot though. &gt;&gt; Like it's not an amount that I remember. I'll tell you that much. &gt;&gt; Did you get to a point in those early days of Lionus Tech Tips like you as an independent creator now where you're like, "Oh my god, this is going to end." &gt;&gt; Of course, every day. I mean, what do you think animated me to get up in the morning and do, like I said, over 30 videos in a week? That's insane.
[70:30] Remember, there's travel. Like, I was doing this at CES. So, I was moving from place to place. I would like I would arrive at the booth and be, "Okay, what do you got? Got it. Thank you. So, we're here at the booth and and we're doing this and uh here's everything about it and uh and then I'd hand it back to them and I'd leave and they'd go, "How did you do that?" I'd go, "Because I have to. because I don't have time to to not be able to do that necessity. We had to survive. &gt;&gt; What are some of those other big swings that you took in those early days that
[71:00] helped you make it, &gt;&gt; man? &gt;&gt; Cuz there's another version of the story where you just go broke. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Oh, 100%. Um, we were pretty slow and steady, but there was there was one crazy existential dread moment. Um, so we started out in my garage. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that was fine because that cost nothing, right? You just park your car in the driveway. No biggie. Then we actually bought a house to use as a studio. So it turns out the city don't
[71:30] take kindly to using a residential property as a filming studio. And once we reached the point where we had, I think, 10 employees, the complaints started rolling in. We actually had a group of neighbors come to our door. We know what you're doing in here. And we're like, I mean, yeah, we weren't really hiding it, but sure. Uh, you know, we've complained. And city sent out an inspector. And the inspector was super nice. They basically went, "Okay, look, I'm not going to come in there because like I'm not a cop. I don't have a search warrant. You don't have to let me in there, but what I am going to do is I'm going to give you notice that I am going to come back and next time I'm
[72:00] going to come in there and there better not be a business in there." I kind of went, "Okay, I need a little more time &gt;&gt; before you come back, but we're making good faith efforts to move." We had put a down payment on a studio. So, it was the plate was about 6,000 square feet and then we were building a tenant improvement in it that was going to be about gonna add about another 1500 ft² or so. So, about 7,500 ft. Pretty big. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Was a million dollars, right? And so,
[72:30] the down payment on that was like 200 or 300,000 or something like that. It was hard for us to get financing. Yeah. Because nobody took our business seriously back then. Like I couldn't even get a credit card for the business for two years. I couldn't get a credit card. I just had to use my personal credit card and then I had to like reimburse. That made the accounting way more complicated for no reason other than that creator was not a job title. So on top of the down payment, so we had to like build offices and sets. And so that was another like $150,000. Like it
[73:00] was it was a lot of money. A lot of money for us, especially at the time. &gt;&gt; And that's where Vessel came in. Do you remember Vessel? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So people subscribe to Vessel for $3 a month if I recall correctly and then it's early access to all your favorite channels on vessel.com and then the same uploads go to YouTube a week later. That was their model. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I had said no. I'd said, "Yeah, forget it. I'm I'm you you know, you cut me open, I bleed red." No, but like YouTube red, you know, not just [snorts]
[73:30] blood. Um you know, I was I was like I YouTube has gotten me to where I' where I've gotten and I I'm a firm believer in riding the horse that got you to where you've gotten. But they were offering huge signing bonuses. &gt;&gt; Like what? &gt;&gt; Um tens of thousands of dollars, which was a lot of money for us. &gt;&gt; And then Vessel came knocking one more time and I went, &gt;&gt; "Yes, yes. I I need the money because otherwise, how am I going to build the tenant improvement in this space? I don't have the money for it." Because we
[74:00] had signed the deal for the real studio. We were working out of the house. We were going to get kicked out of the house. &gt;&gt; So I was I was stuck in this house that I was not allowed to work in. I had a studio space that was just a big empty warehouse that I couldn't afford to build sets in. &gt;&gt; I had to take the vessel money. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, that was a wild time, man. I don't know if I had ever worked that hard in my life or if I've ever worked that hard again &gt;&gt; in my life. Just to close here, I'm just curious like where this goes from here because I think you have a unique perspective, especially as AI becomes a bigger deal like you know, Sora recently
[74:30] launching. Yeah. Like that that is a wild like I I I feel like a step change and like Yeah. I hate to use the dword, but disruptive. Yeah. You know, &gt;&gt; for once. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Where do you see as as like a tech expert like this all going this changing your creative process and flow, this changing YouTube? Like I I wanted to ask you because you have a unique perspective on this. &gt;&gt; At the end of the day, none of those things matter. What matters is how it's going to change viewer and consumer behavior. And then from there we can
[75:00] derive how to engage with that. I would like to believe in much the same way that our product development philosophy is, you know, don't save 10 cents if 15 cents will last twice as long. You know, I came from the made in China generation of kids where all of my toys broke in 10 minutes, right? And so, you know, when we were developing our products, I went,
[75:30] "No, I want to make stuff that's not like that. I want to make stuff that actually lasts." And I I I don't think I'm the only one I don't think I'm the only one my age that goes, "Yeah, yeah, you know, water guns used to actually last for multiple seasons instead of just immediately leaking right out of the box." What What the heck happened with that? And in the same way, what I'm hoping is that as quality decays like crazy on online content, we're going to
[76:00] reach that point where people who grew up with that go, well, this is garbage. I want something that's more bespoke. I want something that's humaned. &gt;&gt; And we are obviously, you know, aware of generative AI. We are obviously looking at ways that it can or can't integrate with our workflows. You know, we don't want to completely miss the train, but I don't personally believe that an AI can ever be a substitute for a real
[76:30] human opinion. Because, you know, let's take let's take my controversial take on the AirPods Pro 3s recently. An AI can never put them in its ears. It can never know how they feel. It can never struggle to take off the ear tip. It can never it can never feel. &gt;&gt; And so I think I hope that in time everything is going to decay to the point where there's going to be a snapback and we're going to go, "No, what I want is human validated testing
[77:00] of the things I buy rather than some AI recommending some thing that it has literally never touched because it literally isn't a physical entity." But I mean that's specific to your industry. &gt;&gt; Yes. In terms of YouTube, I do I do I do worry about some verticals that are more um pure entertainment. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um you know, just like I I was very stressed for the Hollywood Writers Guild
[77:30] when they were on their most recent strike, right? where they're trying to push back against AI and they're trying to, you know, make all these demands. At a time when, you know, on the studio side, they're looking at it going, "Oh, you guys are like more replaceable than ever." Um, and at a time when it feels like, man, like a lot of the stuff that I fire up on Netflix, it's just like, yeah, an AI, maybe this was written by a human, but I wouldn't be able to tell. like this intersection of cost cutting on the studio side to um cost like
[78:00] earnings expectations on the writing side to just slack jawed slash second screen attention span on the audience side is not good. I'm glad they got a deal done. Uh but I it was it was it was funny. I saw the justification for what was it a one-year deal, two-year deal, can't remember what it was, but the justification from the writer side was we wanted a short deal because we wanted to see what loopholes they'd find to like work AI in in ways that we couldn't have expected. But I'm looking at it
[78:30] going, I bet they were happy to sign a short-term deal with you because it gives them two more years for the stuff to get better and for your negotiating position to deteriorate further. I I uh I'm not like an AI bull, you know? I'm not invested in any AI companies. I'm not sitting here going, "Yeah, AI is going to replace everything." But I also think that to imagine that it isn't going to have a significant impact on certain industries, is just naive at this point in time. So the pure
[79:00] entertainment, if you make something that people are generally content to have on on a second screen or not like really be paying attention to, I would be deeply worried right now. &gt;&gt; That's an interesting distinction. That's what's at risk versus Yeah. &gt;&gt; I don't think the human connection Well, I shouldn't even say that. I I mean, you've got your full on AI influencers, but you know, even that I kind of look at it and I go like, what's the difference between an AI influencer and a team of people behind a real person in terms of like it's still being humaned
[79:30] in a sense? like yeah there's a difference but um the way that some people in particular you know craft a persona for a real human you know meat sack right [snorts] and have a team behind it you know like the &gt;&gt; the way that we would derisively talk about certain music artists back in the 90s or the early 2000s you're a product you know &gt;&gt; um Eminem disc right there right nothing but a product um you know it doesn't seem that different from these AI
[80:00] influencers &gt;&gt; because it really just seems the words that like people have written for them or labels or like companies like Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's a familiar model. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Interesting. &gt;&gt; Right. Um &gt;&gt; but you're right, it's all forms of entertainment versus like maybe more education or like giving an opinion requires a bit of trust and you know &gt;&gt; anything with a real human connection uh I think will survive for longer. But even that, you know, you look at the kinds of relationships, and I I use that word uh that is a that's one kind of R
[80:30] word for sure. &gt;&gt; Um relationships with AIS, and I kind of go, yeah, maybe not even personalities are safe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry to be a bit of a downer on this, but I I mean, I'm up close and personal with it all the time, and it really is getting better all the time, and I just Hopefully, we're so deep into this video that most people aren't watching it anymore. Um, [snorts]
[81:00] &gt;&gt; but most consumers are quite frankly not very discerning. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the only proof you need of that is the back when we used to have a like dislike ratio on YouTube. You know, you look at the like dislike ratio on some of the most just totally unbelievable apology videos. It's like &gt;&gt; that ain't even good acting, bro. [snorts] you know, and you'll have, you know, twothirds of the community rallying around this like crocodile tears like fake ass apology and you look at it and you just kind of go like you
[81:30] realize it's a decision to cry on camera, right? &gt;&gt; You could do another take where &gt;&gt; you're not crying. Live stream, that's one thing. Yeah, you might like break down on a live stream, &gt;&gt; but when you record a take, put it on a timeline, cut it up, and export it, you made a decision to be crying, right? Um, and so, [clears throat] you know, I think that's something that just people are just they ain't that savvy &gt;&gt; viewers. &gt;&gt; Yeah.
[82:00] &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; Like whereas I look at something, I go, everything that's in a video is there on purpose. Yeah, I don't buy it, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, line is I I I feel like if anybody's going to navigate like, you know, the next five years and whatever it holds, like I'm I'm I'm fascinated to see how you're going to do it, how you're going to build a company. &gt;&gt; Do our best. &gt;&gt; Well, dude, I appreciate you just walking through like Yeah. showing us like so much of the insight of how you built your channel and business and yeah, those scary early days and uh man,
[82:30] yeah, I appreciate you coming on the show. &gt;&gt; Appreciate you for having me on. Thank you very much. &gt;&gt; Amazing. Thank you. All right.