# Why MrBeast Hired These Guys To Make A $20M Movie (Sticks Interview)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYNbiXxCNr8
Date: 2025-09-23

[00:00] We're willing to do something crazy to make our dream come true. You guys have reinvented how to succeed on YouTube. We had just bought $3,000 worth of plane tickets. &gt;&gt; We were on the way to the airport without telling our wives we were flying to America. &gt;&gt; What? You set a date to premiere a movie for Ryan Tran in one week that you hadn't even filmed or edited yet. &gt;&gt; It was nuts. &gt;&gt; That takes serious balls. &gt;&gt; But we also had this offer from Mark Robot. If we were part-time with him, we could fund our YouTube channel. This is where the negotiations began. You guys helped Mark Robber go from 25 to over 60
[00:30] million subscribers and now you're making trailers and commercials for the biggest YouTubers. &gt;&gt; That's when we got the DM from Jimmy &gt;&gt; and that just like completely shocked us. &gt;&gt; I think you guys will be remembered as the Spielbergs of YouTube. How do you make a movie about Mr. Beast that tells the full truth? &gt;&gt; We don't want it to feel like a Jimmy Puff. &gt;&gt; Is a movie going to cost $20 million? So, we say everything. [Music] &gt;&gt; All right. Make sure you subscribe and ring the bell because we have so many
[01:00] big videos coming up from interviews to studio tours. And if you haven't already, then go to ytackpack.com to get our free YouTube hackpack with all our best tips, tools, and templates to grow on YouTube today. From our intro and thumbnail templates to our 100 viral ideas for any niche, we constantly update it as we interview more creators so you have the latest and greatest for free. All right, now back to the video. All right, boys. Welcome to the show. I'm so excited to have you guys. &gt;&gt; So good to be here. &gt;&gt; Can't believe we're here. This is awesome. &gt;&gt; This is the dream. &gt;&gt; I feel you guys are like the creators of
[01:30] the moment right now. Oh, yeah. Like the movies, commercials, like the projects you have coming and I can't believe you haven't really done podcasts. So, it's just an honor to be able to sit down with you guys. This is one of the first we've done. So, &gt;&gt; thank you. &gt;&gt; Of course. So, I love going through the libraries of YouTubers who I interview and just looking at where the turning points um were. So, &gt;&gt; I I know I know Taylor Swift has her eras, but I think you guys have your eras, too. &gt;&gt; Dang. &gt;&gt; Um and so I pulled some of your videos and tell me if this is accurate. I I
[02:00] think you guys have these three eras where you made these videos like short films, cinematic videos which I think a lot of um videographers and photograph like struggle to make on YouTube to get traction &gt;&gt; and then you started making these creator movies and now you make these like epic commercials that don't even feel like commercials. &gt;&gt; I'm just wondering if you could &gt;&gt; share some of those turning points um and and some of those oh moments for you guys.
[02:30] &gt;&gt; Okay. The big one Let's go like when we went viral. We'll take you back. We'll take you back. &gt;&gt; So, this paper boy short film was on an old channel of ours. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And Lucas and I have been making short films like all the time. All the time. We just make a bunch of them and just post them to YouTube, never expecting them to go viral. &gt;&gt; This was one of the first that went viral and we didn't even realize it. We checked YouTube one day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We posted it um forgot about it. One day some of our family members came over and were like, "Oh, we'll show you a short film, like a show and tell."
[03:00] Yeah. &gt;&gt; And we turned on YouTube and it was like 100,000 views &gt;&gt; and we watched it climb to like nearly 2 million. It's like on 1.9 right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that was like oh my gosh like short films maybe they can like go viral on YouTube and got us really excited. &gt;&gt; So then you know we had to do other work to like survive. But then like what if we just put our heads together and like try and make films every now and then. That was really this era &gt;&gt; like the cold order. And were you getting paid for these films or like somebody commissioning or these were
[03:30] purely passion projects that you were like coming up with the ideas, filming them and trying to submit them to festival like what was the plan if there was any? &gt;&gt; Uh so the first like era of short films we were um we were working on them with our our church media team. M &gt;&gt; so we were like kind of creating these like hopeful like short films that we could play with like along with like a sermon at church or something &gt;&gt; and then we would just post them on that channel and then eventually we kind of started working you know I was shooting weddings a lot was &gt;&gt; I was doing business videos and wedding videos and &gt;&gt; and that's kind of this era when we were
[04:00] like let's team up and create like a brand new channel called sticks &gt;&gt; in any spare time we could get we were like okay let's write a film let's get some crew together it was always like zero budget maybe like $100 here and there &gt;&gt; just to like you know make something. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It was a side hustle at that point. Yes. We were like luckily like shooting weddings gives you a lot of time throughout the week cuz you're working on the weekend. &gt;&gt; Um so we had kind of the week like just to work on this channel. &gt;&gt; Oh if I had a penny for every YouTuber
[04:30] started out by doing wedding video to like you know fill the bank like &gt;&gt; it's kind of OP because you can just work throughout the week on your channel and then you work extra on the weekends. And &gt;&gt; I had like a slightly different thing cuz I was doing weddings but also business videos &gt;&gt; and I was like trying my best to like get a big deal &gt;&gt; to that just buy me a month of like working with Curtis. &gt;&gt; So there was one time where I got like a pretty big deal. &gt;&gt; What was it like 30 30k or something? &gt;&gt; Mhm. And we're like, "Okay, &gt;&gt; let's spend the next &gt;&gt; What if we just like ask our wives
[05:00] wives, can we please have like two months where we just like work on YouTube?" &gt;&gt; And they gave it to us &gt;&gt; and we were like that's when we made Yeah. That's when we started making short films like one after the other. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; And we knew we had like a ticking time clock to like try and make something work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. One for the show, one for the dough. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's it. Classic. And then when did it start to make sense that like &gt;&gt; wait wait wait wait maybe we should be making more trailers about YouTubers
[05:30] because I think there was another moment that I wanted to call out which was I saw this one video that you guys made which was we turned a news headline into a movie. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it was actually one of the uploads right before if Arax's life was a movie. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And I'm just curious because it's like it's almost one degree of change. &gt;&gt; Right. Exactly right. &gt;&gt; And and and it's like when did that start to click of like wait okay news head I I can understand what you guys were trying to do there like news headlines people talk about them to a movie it shows your chops like but take
[06:00] me through how you got there and then ultimately made that other switch to talk about &gt;&gt; really thought that one was going to be the one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; I mean we thought every single one was going to be the one. &gt;&gt; Kind of naive. &gt;&gt; I think it was the beginning of 2023. &gt;&gt; We it was the start of the new year. We thought like the videos we were making with like you know we turned a news headline into movie. We're trying to think of how we can make short films go viral on YouTube because we really believed in this idea of like YouTube and Hollywood coming together eventually and and we wanted to be at the forefront of that &gt;&gt; and so we kind of made these videos like
[06:30] we remade the social network or we made an entire web series without a script and just like posted these short films with packaging that was like YouTube friendly &gt;&gt; and we knew like packaging was going to be the thing that would change everything cuz we thought we were pretty good at making films. We enjoyed the level we were like making these films, but there wasn't like a foolproof plan for a filmmaker to go viral. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, we were like, there's got to be a way to package this really well. &gt;&gt; And really, it actually started with the idea for the Mr. Beast movie before any
[07:00] of the &gt;&gt; uh videos we posted on the channel. So, we came up with the idea to make Mr. Beast's own life movie. And then we kind of worked backwards from that and thought &gt;&gt; like a social network for &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Mr. Beast for Jimmy's life. &gt;&gt; Yeah. a biopic about Jimmy &gt;&gt; 2our movie. We wanted to put it in theaters. It was like this crazy idea when they were like, "Okay, but &gt;&gt; how do we get there? &gt;&gt; We can't do that right now. And how do we get there?" And so it was the big idea was like so big that it wasn't helpful. &gt;&gt; And then we were like, "Okay, what if we
[07:30] what if we did like trailers for YouTubers until we make Mr. Beast his own movie?" And so we were like, "Okay, we let's just try it out with Eric." And I remember we were like not too sure if it was going to work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um super low budget and like trying to &gt;&gt; recreate Eric's life with no money would have was like so daunting to us. &gt;&gt; How much did it cost to put that together? &gt;&gt; I don't think we spent a dollar &gt;&gt; like I was I the only prop we used was like pizza. So we probably paid 12 bucks for pizza. True.
[08:00] &gt;&gt; Um but I played Lucas had the camera and then we had a friend &gt;&gt; shaved. you played &gt;&gt; and then we had a friend helping us out who, you know, just did everything else. Um, but we really we weren't too sure if it was going to work and it didn't really work. &gt;&gt; Um, because the packaging Yeah. It comes down to the packaging. &gt;&gt; Wait, that that video has a ton of views. &gt;&gt; Now it does. At the time it only had a couple thousand. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What was the view count in the first seven days, month? Do you remember? &gt;&gt; I think it we were excited that it hit
[08:30] like a thousand views. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; In the first couple in the first week. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Wow. Cuz I I maybe just looking at your channel and all the hits you've had, I assume that one was a instant rocket ship. &gt;&gt; No, that one. No, that was a flop. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And And how did that feel? &gt;&gt; We thought the idea in the packaging was really, really cool. &gt;&gt; We didn't have the thumbnail and we didn't have the title. &gt;&gt; That came later. So, &gt;&gt; bad bad YouTube practice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, we made the thing and
[09:00] then we had this trailer to show Eric, but our our thought was so small. It was like, let's try and send it to him. Let's try and send it to someone on his team and get like a comment or a reaction. &gt;&gt; Like send it as a MP4 before you upload or once the link is live. &gt;&gt; We were going to send the link, so like post it to YouTube and see if we can get a comment &gt;&gt; or some sort of reaction. &gt;&gt; But &gt;&gt; we didn't realize that that was like too small. And some of our friends were like, "Why don't you go like fly to LA
[09:30] and show it to him at his pizza party that's coming up?" We're like that we're not like YouTubers. Like we're like we're filmmakers. And then something clicked. We're like, "Wait, that's a cool idea." &gt;&gt; Why are we why are we still here? Like why don't we just buy some plane tickets and go? Like that's a really cool YouTube video. &gt;&gt; And like for context, he he was throwing this 10 million subscriber pizza party. &gt;&gt; Oh, I was there. &gt;&gt; Oh, you were there? Oh, dang. You could have hooked us up. You could have been the &gt;&gt; We didn't know each other. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He was throwing that party and
[10:00] &gt;&gt; at Sofi Stadium. It was it was a big deal. Big deal. Massive. &gt;&gt; We just had this crazy idea that we could hijack this party. &gt;&gt; Just imagine like we rock up, talk to someone. Can we sneak this like trailer onto the big screen? &gt;&gt; Can we play this in front of everyone? I don't know what we were thinking. &gt;&gt; Honestly, it doesn't sound that crazy. Like like knowing and how he like kind of collab with creators way bigger than him. I feel like &gt;&gt; he was inspired by Iraq as well. &gt;&gt; The crazy part it was 4 days out. That's what the crazy part was. So we were like in Sydney the only flight that would get
[10:30] us there meant we we'd have to leave that day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So we decided &gt;&gt; the morning of the morning of we were like let's buy tickets right now and drive to the airport. So, we were buying tickets on the way and what we didn't realize is we needed to also have our visa, our ESTA visa like sorted before we got on the plane. &gt;&gt; We realized that when we arrived there. &gt;&gt; So, we're looking up like how long does it take to get approval and it's like could be up to 72 hours. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; But we had just bought $3,000 worth of
[11:00] plane tickets. &gt;&gt; Long story short, &gt;&gt; and the plane is about to take off. &gt;&gt; The plane's about to take off in the next like 20 minutes. So you need to squeeze 72 hours of approvals or like bureaucracy the visas into an hour. But then within an hour we both get approved. So then we sprint through like &gt;&gt; security all the way through the airport and we get there like 30 seconds late. The plane has just taken off &gt;&gt; and we were like what what did we just do? Like we just spent $3,000.
[11:30] We we were willing to just go to the other side of the world on a whim &gt;&gt; and we went home actually like wait did we just like break through something like &gt;&gt; you talk about those moments of like change where like you realize something. I think that for for us that was like a huge moment where we kind of realized where &gt;&gt; we're willing to do something crazy to make our dream come true. like us like exiting the airport that day was like it should have seemed like a a loss like an L
[12:00] &gt;&gt; but it felt like the biggest win because we we were we realized how far we were willing to go for our dream and that for us was like the biggest breakthrough moment. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like we put our money where our mouth is and that was like if we're willing to do that, what if there was some planning for the next time and actually some execution? &gt;&gt; So yeah, this was our first viral video. &gt;&gt; Yeah. which was &gt;&gt; we surprised Ryan Tran with his own movie. &gt;&gt; So tell me about that one. Like &gt;&gt; what went on behind the scenes? Like why
[12:30] was that a turning point? &gt;&gt; So when the Eric video got posted, we did get a comment from Eric and that was super encouraging to us. &gt;&gt; Bro, what? &gt;&gt; Yeah, bro. Bro, what? And that was all he said. But what was cool is like we saw it get like up to like 5,000 views on its own. And and that was big for us &gt;&gt; cuz we were getting like under a,000 for all our little short films. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And a few of our friends were telling us just try this again and and do do something like this again. And I comments this will work. &gt;&gt; The comments were like this is a good idea but like
[13:00] &gt;&gt; it'd be cool to see like Eric watch it. &gt;&gt; And so we're like okay &gt;&gt; let's do this again and focus on the reaction of the person we're showing &gt;&gt; like try to really make it special for the creator and like get it to them. &gt;&gt; And we realized that was the core of what made these videos special. &gt;&gt; So we again a huge risk. We didn't have any connections with Ryan, but we bought tickets to America. This time we got on the flight and we hadn't we hadn't made the film yet, but we flew to Austin and
[13:30] Connection by Connection like tried to get in touch with him. &gt;&gt; I think it's because we were crazy enough to do that that people were like, "Oh, I I can like I can get you in touch with Ryan." Because we flew from like the story was we just flew from Australia. We're trying to show him a movie about himself, &gt;&gt; which you hadn't created. No, not media. &gt;&gt; What were some of those initial DMs like? Like who were you reaching out to? Like what were you saying? &gt;&gt; So from the Ara video, we had kind of a connection with um Eric's manager, Zack. &gt;&gt; Zack. Zack. I love Z. Yeah. Yeah.
[14:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we were also part of Creator Now, which was Ara's uh group where the where YouTubers learn and you know there's a &gt;&gt; creator education platform. You said it way better than &gt;&gt; Yeah. That Zach co-founded with him. Yeah. Yeah. So, we knew that our only connection was we can go to the creator now headquarters and maybe find Zach there, but he wasn't like he's a busy guy, so we weren't like messaging him or anything. &gt;&gt; We just knew that he had seen our previous video and that was it.
[14:30] &gt;&gt; So, and you're like fighting the headquarters on Google Maps. &gt;&gt; No, no. So, we told we told the creator in our community we're coming to America. And then, funnily enough, they reached out and said, "Oh, if you're coming, swing by." Um, and we had a we had like a 12-h hour layover in LA. So, we're like, "This is perfect." &gt;&gt; So, we went to Creator Now, but what we didn't know was if Zach was going to be there or even have time to talk to us. And then &gt;&gt; as we were leaving, like just before we were leaving, he gets out of a meeting and says hi to us. &gt;&gt; And then we just shot our shot. I was like, we came all the way here to find
[15:00] Ryan Tran to show him a movie. Can you put us in touch? And then he was like, "Look, if you make a video, like a short quick video, I'll send it to him and that's all I can do." Which is very helpful. &gt;&gt; And we were like, "We can do that." &gt;&gt; We're like, "Yeah, we can do that." So then we went straight to was it Santa Monica Pier and just like try to make the funniest, goofiest like like invite video to send straight to Ryan Tran. &gt;&gt; A selfie video. Like at this point, you're not making some edited or anything. Just &gt;&gt; just on an iPhone like vertical like a
[15:30] like a quick &gt;&gt; It's like a YouTube short really. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then we sent that to Zach. And then we flew to Austin, still not knowing if we were going to meet Ryan or get in touch with him. When we got to Austin, started to prep the first day of the shoot for Ryan's movie, we get a text from Zach saying, "Ryan's down. Let's put you in a group chat." Wow. &gt;&gt; That was the craziest moment ever. That felt like breaking through a bubble of like imagination and into the real world of like this can actually be possible. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah.
[16:00] &gt;&gt; And then what happened? like you got in the group chat with Ryan and at that point are you also simultaneously &gt;&gt; making the movie about him like casting somebody like what what like how are you balancing &gt;&gt; while we're in Australia we kind of prepped some of the pieces so we got like this doppelganger we found on Tik Tok that looked exactly like Ryan we flew him down from Nebraska to meet us in Austin &gt;&gt; Wow &gt;&gt; and we had one friend who was local in Texas who helped us out on the shoot &gt;&gt; and then yeah when we when we got in a group chat with Ryan we kind of teed up like a good date that would work for him
[16:30] and then And from there we &gt;&gt; a date for the premiere of a movie that you haven't even started editing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. &gt;&gt; So then we kind of worked back backward from there and go, "All right, &gt;&gt; how many weeks are we talking?" Like pressure cooker in &gt;&gt; We were in America for a week and a half. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Wait, you got you set a date for a premiere for a movie that you hadn't started. You're like, you're going to give yourself a week and a half to &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Less than a week, &gt;&gt; film, edit, &gt;&gt; find a theater. &gt;&gt; It was nuts. It was non-stop working like shooting every day. We we've never played anything in a theater before
[17:00] really and there's like a certain way you have to have like a file like a DCP file ready to learn how to get this thing played in a cinema and also with no one like knowing what we were doing. Like the cinema owners were just confused &gt;&gt; cuz we asked like every cinema in the area. Also trying to make it reasonable like driving distance for Ryan. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; And it was a miracle that we got a cinema like the night before he was coming. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Was it the night before? Yeah. &gt;&gt; How did that even happen? What? Like
[17:30] Ryan was like he he had a a set date and time that he was going to meet us and we didn't have a cinema for him to even come to. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; I think the reason we were willing to work so hard up until that point was because we knew the idea was so good. &gt;&gt; We had Ryan in the video. We just have to nail everything. We just have to try work our hardest to make it all work and it paid off big time. &gt;&gt; Dude, you know what I really believe when it comes to YouTube? There's nothing more motivating than a deadline and an audience. Even if that audience is one person. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that is crazy. I didn't realize like all
[18:00] the pressure that was behind that video. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like it feels like that for every video though. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that's what makes the videos interesting. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is like the risk that we're willing to take on and the faith step that we're willing to take on is really the what makes it interesting for us to watch. &gt;&gt; Like we don't know what's going to happen in this video genuinely. Like looking back at this video, we love that there's like a 27 minute video about us like taking this huge leap of faith and documenting every step of the way until
[18:30] the end. The payoff is just so fun to look back on. &gt;&gt; And at this same time, like are you writing the script and researching and location scouting? Cuz I I think in many ways like you guys have built the perfect YouTube channel. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; But and I'll tell you why. But you've also built the hardest YouTube channel cuz I was just going through all all the steps that you guys have to do. Okay. All right. You have to research every single thing about the guests. Yes. Like kind of like I have to do, but like I'm not renting out a theater, you know, like Okay. Then you have to film a movie about them, cast, scout locations, get
[19:00] props, and do it all within like 3 days on a budget. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Then you have to edit it. All right. That's like, you know, a whole another thing. Sound design, score, color. &gt;&gt; You have to find the creator and convince them to show up on a certain date and time to spend time with you. &gt;&gt; You have to rent to theater. I didn't even realize that's like, &gt;&gt; you know, as hard as it is. &gt;&gt; And then you film BTS. while you're doing all of this, &gt;&gt; there's a there's easier ways to like get a couple million views on a video &gt;&gt; than that. &gt;&gt; Um, but but what were some of the things that you learned through the process of
[19:30] making that movie about Ryan? Like &gt;&gt; cuz cuz I think you guys sit in the middle of this ven diagram that I drew here of &gt;&gt; YouTube and movies. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. That's literally what we like &gt;&gt; imagined when we started the channel. We're like &gt;&gt; we want to be the bridge between like &gt;&gt; movies, Hollywood and and YouTube and like sit somewhere in between that. So that's crazy that you have that drawing. &gt;&gt; So So yeah, what did you learn throughout that that process and how did
[20:00] that like kind of go into like you know your experience with Ryan once he saw it? &gt;&gt; So the cool thing is about halfway through the shoot I was up late at night thinking like what are we going to say to Ryan when he's sitting there next to us like this is a big opportunity. I don't want to just show him the movie and go home. &gt;&gt; Like, and then I came up with the proposition and I came to Kurt the next morning. I was like, "What if we say, &gt;&gt; we'll put your name in the credits of the Mr. Beast movie if you get us a meeting with Mr. Beast?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that works so much so
[20:30] well because it not only gives us like a purpose to why we're doing this and like um it it gives the audience context to our larger goal, &gt;&gt; but also just like in a retention sort of way. You're waiting not only for Ryan's reaction, but then will he answer the question at the end? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Will he like unlock our bigger goal, which makes like it's not just context, it's also like it makes every little thing we do in this video like attached to our biggest dream &gt;&gt; and it shows why we're trying to work so
[21:00] hard to get this done. So, you can't look away until you see that answer at the end. &gt;&gt; That was our fun way of like retention. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Without, you know, trying to be too like fast with the cuts or trying to be like, you know, treating the audience like they don't want to pay attention. Like it's genuinely if you follow each step of the of the story, you're hooked until you get to the end. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Ryan seems so gracious. And it I saw in that video uh you guys
[21:30] recorded a video that he then sent to Jimmy. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um where do things go from there? &gt;&gt; At the same time we're making this, we're also in talks with Mark Robber because we applied for a role with him to uh produce his shorts. Oh wow. &gt;&gt; So, literally the same night when we got um in the group chat with Ryan, we got a message back from Mark Rover's team saying they'd love to interview us. &gt;&gt; And and this is from a job posting you just saw. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. In Creator Now, he he posted a job posting and we just applied and sent in some of some shorts that we made for
[22:00] him. &gt;&gt; And so the day Yeah. Ryan texted us. We had a meeting with with Mark Grobo. &gt;&gt; Wow. What a day. &gt;&gt; Crazy. It was literally like backto-back calls and like we just spoke to two of like our favorite YouTubers. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that is a side story for the sticks law &gt;&gt; was like &gt;&gt; our video was like already taking off and our channel was like becoming it like a thing but we also had this offer from Mark Robot &gt;&gt; to like work part-time for his channel
[22:30] &gt;&gt; which there's so much in that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like there's there's I want to talk about that more. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead. cuz I I think it's it's and untold story is how you fund all this. Like I'm wondering just to put it in perspective. How much would you estimate like that um movie for Ryan costs? Like cinema costs like editing. Obviously you guys are putting a ton of your own time like flying it. Like how much did that cost? We recently launched a whole new collection of our created apparel with hoodies, crew necks, ball caps, t-shirts, and more. And it was all
[23:00] made possible thanks to today's sponsor, Shopify. I mean, if there's one thing that Stixs, myself, and a ton of other creators have in common, it's that we love using Shopify. In fact, Stixs use Shopify to sell these amazing creator movie posters. And now with the new Shopify sidekick, you have an AI powered assistant right at your fingertips that's trained on all of your products. You could ask it anything like, "Write my product descriptions organize my merch into collections or set up my payments and it'll do it all in seconds." Like, watch this. I'm going to
[23:30] ask Sidekick to set up a promo code for our created store. And it does it like that. Sidekick can also analyze your sales and even suggest ideas to improve your conversion with step-by-step instructions to take that work off your plate. That paired with a new AI store builder, which lets you generate images and build your entire website in seconds means it's never been an easier time to start and scale your business on Shopify. So, if you're a creator or just have an idea to start a business, check out Shopify. And best of all, you'll get
[24:00] a free trial by using my link below, so you can see why so many top creators use it and love it. All right, now back to the video. &gt;&gt; I mean, with the flights and all the production stuff, like cuz we're going from Australia to America, &gt;&gt; um I think it was like 25K or something like that &gt;&gt; for for Ryan's one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Or maybe less. &gt;&gt; No, I think it was like 10k, &gt;&gt; but with the flights. So it was I remember saying to our mom, guess how much we spent on this whole thing as she was driving us to the
[24:30] airport and I said 10k. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So by the end &gt;&gt; because the thing is with that one we had no help. It was like no crew just a friend &gt;&gt; and he was lending us gear &gt;&gt; and it was and we also stayed with a friend. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; but then &gt;&gt; we spent no money on on like locations just a couple props. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you pulled a lot of favor. the the real cost is actually much higher probably. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Which we find out in the next coming &gt;&gt; as we're starting to pay people like normal people should. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It gets expensive.
[25:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, Mark Robber's uh really wanting to hire us and we're like this is such a crazy opportunity and we say yes. if we take it on and we're like, "Okay, what if he was looking for one shorts creator, like someone to like head up shorts cuz he was just starting to get into it, &gt;&gt; help him ideate and edit &gt;&gt; just to take over the whole shorts part of his channel." &gt;&gt; Got it full time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Idiate, write with him, edit, produce. &gt;&gt; He hadn't really posted any shorts before, so it was like really from from
[25:30] scratch, like &gt;&gt; figuring out what Mark Rob shorts look like. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And he was even saying like, um, what do you guys think? like is is it should should we get into this? Like should like is shorts like should I do this? And we were saying like of course like we'd love to like work with you and see how like what is a marker of a short and like what could you do with shorts that helps you connect to your audience more. &gt;&gt; And after that call he was like all right let's do it. So we were doing
[26:00] that. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. By the way, like &gt;&gt; these two kids from Australia just got a dream job with Marco Robbo. Like we were so &gt;&gt; we felt so blessed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was wild. &gt;&gt; And what was going on in your mind at this moment? Was it the opportunity to learn but also keep your own stuff going and using the money for this to find because I I think this is like a &gt;&gt; constant thing that creators find themselves. I I I I was in the same boat like starting my YouTube channel. We were spending so much on our videos. because I had to take like side gigs and jobs just to pay for it.
[26:30] &gt;&gt; Um, and the biggest thing uh that I I I think is like a win-win is like if you get a gig with a creator that you can learn from. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. Like I mean that's the best that's like the best grad school that pays you tuition, you know? &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Um, so were you guys thinking about continuing the Sticks channel as you're working with Mark or did he ask you to shut it down to do everything full-time for him? cuz I could see it going both ways. Like you're working for something, they're giving you salary. Like they
[27:00] would expect your full attention not to &gt;&gt; go to your channel but their channel. So how did that work? &gt;&gt; So this is where the uh &gt;&gt; negotiations &gt;&gt; negotiations began. Okay. So he was looking for one full-time shorts creator &gt;&gt; and as you can see we are two people and we said okay what if we pitch him on he gets his full-time creator but we both do it part-time. So, you get two creators part-time to make up a full-time role. And we sent that back to
[27:30] Mark. And we're just like, "Please, please, please let this work." Because if we were part-time with him, we could fund our YouTube channel cuz these videos are so expensive to make. It's not it's not paying itself off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, he comes back saying yes. And then we're like, "Okay, this is our new thing. Like, let's stop the weddings and the business videos. Wow. We got We're working &gt;&gt; for Mark part time and our channel &gt;&gt; and that's it. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And there's also another element to like working for a creator that it really
[28:00] verifies you to working with more creators &gt;&gt; like um you know like having a a resume that looks really good. But like even with Ryan, the same day we spoke to Ryan and Mark, they were actually together in person in SF. Like they were together in person at Mark's Crunch Labs warehouse. And so that they both talked about us to each other and instantly instantly we were verified for both opportunities. &gt;&gt; Isn't that crazy though? Like Ryan was
[28:30] at Mark's uh Crunch Labs &gt;&gt; that day that &gt;&gt; we got put in a group chat with Ryan. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; And he said, "Oh, these um he's no Mark's saying, I'm just about to talk to these, you know, two Australian brothers who might do my shorts." And Ryan's like, "Oh, this two Australian brothers are trying to make me a movie right now." Like the same people. So instantly they both just get like we're just verified to both of them. &gt;&gt; Wow. So it's just like such a great opportunity. &gt;&gt; But our thought process going in was like cuz we definitely believed in our channel enough to just go fulltime as
[29:00] well. We we weren't um we weren't scared that it was going to take off. We were ready to go all in like what we learned with the AAC video. But we did think like how cool would it be to learn from Mark Robber, have some money to help fund our our channel and learn like learning from Mark Robber encompasses a bunch of things like how he does his videos, but also how he runs his business and like &gt;&gt; what's it like to grow a channel over so long and say stay sustainable. &gt;&gt; Yeah,
[29:30] &gt;&gt; those things were very interesting to us. Like it'd be amazing to like help in how he can and also learn from what he's created. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So it was just like we can't turn that down. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So take me into that era of like Stixs now working for Mark Robber but now &gt;&gt; figuring out your format of this trailer for creators. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Renting a theater and doing the BTS. Like what were some of the things that you may have learned from Mark that showed up in your YouTube videos for your channel?
[30:00] Well, one thing before I get to like what we learned from Mark was like we had this viral video pop off and the question of like what will be our next hit is obviously a thing that everyone thinks about when they have a video go viral. &gt;&gt; This again after the Ryan Tran video took off. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this what we surprised Ryan Tran &gt;&gt; and so we thought the safest bet is just to do this again with Mark. He's even bigger than Ryan &gt;&gt; and we have the connection and this could be a great way to repeat what we just did and create the consistency. So,
[30:30] &gt;&gt; but there was no other options really cuz uh we we hadn't had like any connections with other big YouTubers and it was like a no-brainer. We we'd love to surprise Mark with his own movie. &gt;&gt; Surprise your boss. &gt;&gt; Surprise boss. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Scary though because like &gt;&gt; he's like just hired us and we didn't want to like, &gt;&gt; you know, treat him like we're just trying to get something from him. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; he's super gracious. &gt;&gt; He's so Yeah, he's super gracious. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Mark is wonderful. He was, you know, he was really excited to see what we made once we showed him, but we just
[31:00] took a risk and we're like, we think he'll be okay with this. How many months into the job were you at that point? &gt;&gt; Oh, only like three months. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; That takes that takes serious balls. Like because I feel like those first few months with any job, you're trying to build a great impression for your boss that you're doing everything for them. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, you're like, "Hey, look at this thing that we're doing for our channel." Yeah. &gt;&gt; Did that like ever come up in conversation or like how did you guys like navigate like &gt;&gt; he was cool with it as long as we were like still pumping out these shorts. So we kept consistent on the short side. I
[31:30] mean we were grinding cuz we're doing like our main videos which take you already wrote out all those things that we do plus all the shorts for Mark. So just like &gt;&gt; and then the other side of it's like we're flying from Sydney to America every like few weeks. &gt;&gt; Oh you hadn't moved yet? &gt;&gt; No. We were working for Mark remote for like 6 months. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's a crazy time difference because you will come online around 400 p.m. 3 p.m. for us here on the West Coast. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, lots of late nights, lots of
[32:00] like trips to America, you know, saying bye to our wives every couple weeks. It was tough. Um, but it was such a awesome opportunity to like capitalize on the growth that was happening. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think back to like um surprising him, like taking that risk to surprise him. Our mentality was like we just want to honor him with like a really cool story. Like we want to make it a moment for him, &gt;&gt; not just get a video out of it. Obviously, it's like a win for us, but if we can really make it special for
[32:30] him, then it should be okay. &gt;&gt; And that that was one of the most emotional ones, at least for me watching it. Like that was beautifully like the trailer you guys made about his life and also the casting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like &gt;&gt; we luck out with the casting every time. It's &gt;&gt; No, no, no. You guys work hard. Yeah. Can't imagine how many people you go through. So, wow. And and and again, just to put it in perspective, how much you're balancing, how many shorts are you guys putting out for Mark? &gt;&gt; One a week. &gt;&gt; One per week. &gt;&gt; Uh one per week for Mark's channel, then Crunch Labs, one per week. &gt;&gt; So, two per week. &gt;&gt; Two per week. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; In addition to everything you're doing
[33:00] for your channel. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh what else were you guys figuring out about your channel at that point? Like what was happening from there? It's so funny because like it feels like when we said yes to Mark and when we said yes to like flying to America to surprise Ryan, something in us clicked like creatively where we just started understanding YouTube &gt;&gt; and like all of a sudden everything we've learned over years just kind of clicked into place and we understood like shorts better. We like we hadn't really made shorts before like working with Mark, but we understood them so
[33:30] quickly. We kind of came up with this crazy thumbnail concept that we still love. How did how did we come up with this? So on the day we had a we had a concept where it was Ryan like turning to the camera looking playing it on a TV. &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. &gt;&gt; But when we pulled off the whole movie theater thing, we were like &gt;&gt; it'd be crazy to just get a photo of just his face like just shocked. And so that's all we took. It was a photo of his face. And the actual image was very
[34:00] underwhelming. Like it wasn't a good thumbnail. Uh what I did in Photoshop was like the few touches that spiced it up. It made it feel like &gt;&gt; it was like a movie frame like a bit. It's got of like a kind of like a sci-fi &gt;&gt; look because of &gt;&gt; So the the few things I I did was like &gt;&gt; if the popcorn was like flying and midair it just captures like a a moment like this action going on. &gt;&gt; And then I think I was like it's it it looked great with the popcorn flying but then like it needs some more like a pop
[34:30] of color to like contrast the red. M. &gt;&gt; And so I was like, what if we added like a blue backlight from like the projector screen &gt;&gt; and then it's like signaling that he's watching something as well. &gt;&gt; And then that nice lens flare is what makes it feel like a bit of a movie poster kind of feel. And he didn't have any backlight. So I just like photoshopped this backlight onto his hair. And then he popped. And then we're looking at this like, wa, this is really cool. &gt;&gt; It's not very traditional of like a YouTube thumbnail, but let's give it a try. M &gt;&gt; and then when it came to the title, it
[35:00] was like we turned Ryan Tran's life into a movie and we thought turned was like not as powerful a word to be so early in the title &gt;&gt; and we're trying to like find a more emotional word and then we landed on surprised. we surprised Ryan Tran with his own movie and it just like clicked like that's way better because &gt;&gt; I think we landed on surprise but it was still we surprised Ryan Tran with a movie &gt;&gt; but then that doesn't show that we've &gt;&gt; all the work we've done to like make it about his life.
[35:30] &gt;&gt; So then adding with his own movie &gt;&gt; really &gt;&gt; it just like it clicked then like that's it that's the one. &gt;&gt; Wow. It's so cool to hear the like iterations of that and how every character truly matters and every little touch in the thumbnail. Um, but I think you guys have unlocked something now where it's like anytime I see a creator that has successful videos that are a fill in the blank, &gt;&gt; it's a game changer. You know, you guys have &gt;&gt; you can repeat it. &gt;&gt; You can repeat it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. looking at these different formats you have like if Blank's life was a movie, you know, if Eric's life was a
[36:00] movie, if Ryan Tran's life was a movie, if Mark Robber's life was a movie, if Emma Chamberlain's life was a movie, it just seems like you guys are really like dialed in with like what's working on YouTube after being so far removed from that with your first era, your first &gt;&gt; up. Yeah, the repeatable thing has its downside. &gt;&gt; Mhm. where we uh I think once we did the Mark Robbo one next. Yeah. We were like, "How do we up how do we like turn things up? How do we up the stakes?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. We were going to change the thumbnail and and title and just like
[36:30] &gt;&gt; try something new. &gt;&gt; But I think we just decided that like we want to make it feel similar and and um familiar &gt;&gt; familiar to the audience that it's the exact same thing but with a different creator. But on the inside of the video, it's like we don't want to um just do the same thing. It had to be a higher risk. &gt;&gt; So in that video, we decided instead of like organizing with the creator to meet us somewhere, we would surprise them completely where they don't even realize
[37:00] they're rocking up to their own premier. &gt;&gt; And this was our boss one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is Mark Robot. &gt;&gt; Risky stuff. &gt;&gt; Very scary. So, but we felt like we had enough like, you know, connection with Mark Rover's team &gt;&gt; to like do it in a respectful way, &gt;&gt; which you guys are now on like like So, I assume you're like on the internal pink like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like, guys, what if Mark Ro was next and everyone's like, "Yeah, let's help you out." &gt;&gt; It's amazing. &gt;&gt; Um, so that was the challenge. It was like after that, like what are we doing
[37:30] each time that feels like a new risk &gt;&gt; that isn't just repeating completely? Yeah. but with a little twist that makes it harder for us. Cuz now that we have a connection with the creator, it's not about finding the creator. It's about can we get them to a movie theater without them knowing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; and there's usually there's usually like natural stakes that come up in the video anyways. And we we love to lean into those. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Instead of like contriving them ourselves. &gt;&gt; But I think um &gt;&gt; yeah, instead of like forcing your own
[38:00] stakes in a video, we've learned that like it's better just to dream big and then the stakes naturally follow. And so that's kind of what we've been doing with like our whole channel really. Just like let's shoot for the biggest thing possible and then the content will be amazing because it'll be so hard to achieve it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What are some of the other like big moments as you guys are making trailers you're upping the risk. So So even though for a lot of viewers the thumbnail and the packaging may look the same like now the video experiences higher stakes. Like what what else are you guys doing? Uh what are some of those like moments that like things went
[38:30] wrong? Um as now like there's more pressure, more money, like bigger names involved. &gt;&gt; Moving to America, &gt;&gt; that was huge. I think it was around the Zack King video where we moved to America and that was like our wives had never even visited America and they were down to like just come on this adventure with us and move their whole lives and say goodbye to their family and friends and we all like it was a hard thing for us all to do. But um that was like a challenge cuz now it's like there's a lot more pressure to like make this channel work &gt;&gt; and we can't just like revert back to you know going like revert back to
[39:00] Australia so easily. Um so that was kind of like a big leap of faith as well. We had the ongoing thought that like um these these videos would lead us to Jimmy &gt;&gt; these videos would lead us to like um doing the Mr. Beast movie and that's why we started them because we wanted to make our first feature film. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so for a while like we're repeating the same format and we love this format. It's so fun. It's like the dream getting to make these like little trailers and show it to our favorite creators. But then because we're so tied
[39:30] to this dream of like making our first feature film and making a movie about Mr. Beast, it's like so easy to get um you know lost in this pattern of like making content and that's what you need to do to survive in this new country, you know, like it's what pays the bills. Um, but it was it's so easy to like forget the goal and the mission of why you're doing this. &gt;&gt; And so we had to keep reminding ourselves of like we're doing this because we want to make our first feature film. &gt;&gt; And if it's not moving the needle towards that, then we need to innovate in a way. We kind of got forced into
[40:00] that by Ryan Tran &gt;&gt; because he messaged us one day saying, "I'm going to release a new I'm going to come out with my Candy Joyide." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I want you guys to make a cinematic commercial for it. &gt;&gt; Wow. And we were like, wait, this could be like what we've always wanted to do, which was what if we cast YouTubers in movies and like people got to get to see their favorite YouTuber in a cinematic mode &gt;&gt; and it's like another version of, you know, bringing YouTube and movies together. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But just in a different kind of bucket
[40:30] or or style. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So instead of surprising them with their own movie, they are in the movie. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And we spend four three four days with them creating a movie &gt;&gt; and and then show them the movie at the end. We thought that was like a great packaging, too. But it's it just takes things to the next level. Now we're not going away making our thing and coming to show it to them. It's like Ryan's on set or whoever it is is on set with us for three days. Can we make sure they can act? Can we make sure this whole
[41:00] thing can be amazing? &gt;&gt; And this is why I think you guys have built the perfect YouTube channel because there's a business model now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; They're hiring you to make a commercial like they would a creative agency. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And now all of a sudden you have this amazing video that showcases the product Joyide for Ryan. Showcases Ryan in a more elevated way. Yeah. Um &gt;&gt; and then your BTS like show it's almost like a commercial for how like great you
[41:30] guys are, but but it also now gets distribution. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. So, you guys have been punching above your weight class, but I could see a future like where people come to you not just for you to make the video, but also to get the BTS of that experience. &gt;&gt; Yes. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Um it's like as much a part of the story. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh and I'm just wanting to just &gt;&gt; if you could talk more about that inflection point of &gt;&gt; the joy ride ad. It even feels weird to call it an ad, you know? Yeah. I mean, we try to call we try to call everything
[42:00] we make a movie. &gt;&gt; A movie. And that's why I think like just going back to it, I think you guys have built the perfect YouTube channel because um and it was so hard to get here. &gt;&gt; But now you guys have a product or a service that people can see. And I I think a lot of people like don't realize it is very hard to sell chocolate, to sell candy, to sell like like you know products like as good as they may be. &gt;&gt; But I think what you guys are doing is like you're putting out media And then you're like, "Hey, you could hire us to make more of this."
[42:30] &gt;&gt; Because like for this uh format, the We Surprise format, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; we're making the BTS and the trailer and basically just profiting from like a brand deal on the BTS or the AdSense, right? &gt;&gt; But now it's like we're we're doing that again where we're making the BTS and the the short film, &gt;&gt; but we're being hired to make the short film and then we can still create. &gt;&gt; So it's much more profitable that way, which is great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Once everyone saw Ryan's joy ride, then the opportunities just opened up. Like people were messaging us quite a
[43:00] bit. &gt;&gt; And Ryan's so smart for just like innovating like that. Like &gt;&gt; I love how he's thinking about always trying something new on the platform and like shaking up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's taking risks and &gt;&gt; he saw this as like a big kind of like high effort thing that he could do for his audience. &gt;&gt; Um but it just allowed us to like Yeah. It's like a portfolio. When you post a video, it leads to the next one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's really cool. &gt;&gt; What were some of the DMs like people like came to you with after Ryan's Joyide commercial slash movie came out?
[43:30] &gt;&gt; It's like a bunch of YouTubers wanting like something similar for like products there. It's like it's a great timing as well cuz so many YouTubers are launching products. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's like oh this is like the &gt;&gt; we just got the brunt of it of like oh we're doing something similar. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um and like there's a lot of YouTubers that um you know in a perfect world if we had more time we would have we would have worked with more of them. &gt;&gt; But we didn't know how long it takes to make one. So we have to be very selective. &gt;&gt; And it reminds me of that quote like remember uh during the gold rush. It's
[44:00] like who made the most money. It was not the people rushing to find the gold. It was the people selling the axes. &gt;&gt; I mean &gt;&gt; you guys are are are selling the axes. You guys are selling the tools to help people dig gold or show their gold in their products. And there's a lot of products you know. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Who knows how many of them will be successful, but they all need commercials and promotion. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's like it's a new way to like get the audience's attention um when launching a product. Like it's so cool to drop like a really high effort commercial. You see like streamers doing it when they're like, you know,
[44:30] announcing their subathons or like &gt;&gt; speeds like uh America Tour. &gt;&gt; That was such a cool video. &gt;&gt; His trailer for that was I mean very cinematic. Yeah. Or Kai with his um mafia thons. Yeah. Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, it's like a known thing that like when you're launching something that's you want the audience to really take seriously, you should take it seriously. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're allowed to like put more high quality like high production value. It's it's good that there's like a culture on YouTube where it's like sometimes this kind of movie is expected. &gt;&gt; I I want to actually ask you guys to look at this clip from the first few
[45:00] seconds of that Joy Right ad with Ryan. Or this is actually the second one cuz Ryan hired you to make another one. And I think even though you guys are bringing cinema and film to YouTube, you're still respecting the rules and our expectations. And I just want you to talk about the opening scene because it felt like one of Ryan's normal videos. But little did we know. &gt;&gt; Hey guys. Um, if you've been watching my videos, you probably know that a year ago I launched Joyide, my candy. The idea for this was what would it look
[45:30] like if Ryan had to make an apology video &gt;&gt; and it's like saying sorry he's just in his bedroom &gt;&gt; but then the camera swings around slowly and you realize you're in a movie. &gt;&gt; He's held hostage. He's &gt;&gt; held hostage. And I think there's something so interesting about like seeing your favorite YouTuber in danger and then like that's the perfect way to start a movie like oh my gosh like get him out. &gt;&gt; I want him out. I want help. &gt;&gt; You have instant connection to this story like okay our favorite YouTuber is in trouble. Immediate attention. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. And the previous one
[46:00] you did with Ryan, the first Joy Ride commercial, it started out as like a selfie video. &gt;&gt; He was quitting. &gt;&gt; Quitting when when every YouTuber was like retiring. &gt;&gt; Exactly. It was perfect. Matt Pat and a bunch of different YouTubers. &gt;&gt; Top Scott. So was that like you guys &gt;&gt; like thinking okay we want to make it cinematic but we don't want to like you know &gt;&gt; do something that just kind of like breaks the rules of YouTube or like how do you I just thought that was a great way to turn the the you know come in.
[46:30] It's &gt;&gt; been Yeah. It would have been very jarring if we just started it cinematic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so even Ryan agreed like we need to make it feel like it's just another video &gt;&gt; and then you get like we subvert the expectations and now they're on for the ride. They want to see like what this movie is cuz they were tricked. And I think when you when you trick the audience like that, sometimes it can uh sometimes it doesn't work when they don't like the the result of what how they were tricked. &gt;&gt; You have to trick them with a better surprise. Like this is a better video than what you clicked on for
[47:00] &gt;&gt; and then they feel like they have so much trust in the director or the creator like, "Oh, they they tricked me. Like I'm I'm all in. If they if they are one step ahead of me, then I think this video is going to be amazing." And I think that's what makes people lean in &gt;&gt; like When you switch into cinematic mode, it kind of captures like what our channel's about, which is like YouTube and movies. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And like that moment where we switch is like the funnest part for those videos &gt;&gt; cuz you can really have fun with it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, how else do you think about like blending those two worlds of like cinema
[47:30] and and and YouTube when you're making your own videos, you're making these commercials for YouTubers? Like tell me more about that because I think too many filmmakers swing way to the right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you know, and then it's like, well, this is too high brow for what this platform is. You know, context defines content and so many YouTubers like maybe too many retention cuts. It just feels too low. Like you guys are in that sweet spot. How do you do that? &gt;&gt; One of the things we decided like when we started the channel together was like we don't want to be an education channel and we love education channels.
[48:00] &gt;&gt; Wow. Thanks guys. &gt;&gt; Well, we don't want to be a film making a film making education channel. &gt;&gt; Film making education channel specifically. like here's here's like five lenses you could try. &gt;&gt; We love watching that and like we love the tech. We love geeking out on like cameras, but we for what we wanted to do, we wanted to make movies. &gt;&gt; Is that the quickest way of getting there? Probably not. &gt;&gt; Also, is it what we enjoy doing? Like the reason we want to make movies is to entertain. &gt;&gt; So, we knew we needed to like make a channel that entertains. Y &gt;&gt; so that people are more excited about
[48:30] &gt;&gt; seeing our actual work. M &gt;&gt; so it was all about how do we get them to excited to see our work so then that they're not just excited to see how we did it but actually watch what we love making &gt;&gt; but then also &gt;&gt; the pool of audience for a film making tutorial channel is much smaller than entertainment YouTubers &gt;&gt; because &gt;&gt; you have like a small niche within a niche &gt;&gt; that you're trying to reach or you could try and go as broad as possible. So that
[49:00] was the goal, like let's go as broad as possible. &gt;&gt; There's something as a filmmaker that's just like, &gt;&gt; you know, it's there's tension because you don't, you know, like a lot of filmmakers might not like these kinds of thumbnails &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; or even just like the intros of the BTS or &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like we're we're willing to play the game that YouTubers play that YouTubers have like um perfected &gt;&gt; because we know it's going to lead people to watch our films, but we also don't find it as a compromise. like we find we're trying to find the beauty in and trying to find like how can we
[49:30] actually entertain people and make an a really interesting behind the scenes video that um that might not be like the the perfect filmmakery way to do it &gt;&gt; but really captures someone's attention because I think we we try to balance that really well with like &gt;&gt; yeah on the other side of that is like I think if you compare our YouTube videos our YouTube style videos to other YouTubers &gt;&gt; your BTS style videos &gt;&gt; our BTSes you'll see like they are more reminiscent of movies and inspired by
[50:00] movies. Like the first act is usually like some sort of heist scene where we're collecting characters to help us get into the second act and then the second act is us like &gt;&gt; making &gt;&gt; doing like creating the thing and then the final act is like this big finale. &gt;&gt; But there's a lot of times that we'll like try to get inspired from the media like the medium of movies. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which is cool because like I think the best art or the best like the way
[50:30] that you can like get really inspired well and create something unique is when you're getting inspired from a medium outside of the medium. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like movies like the coolest movies are like when they're inspired by a book. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And then the coolest YouTube videos are when they're inspired by a movie or a book. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Or like a comic book or something like that. And yeah, I think there's like that's what we try to do with our videos is like be inspired by movies. &gt;&gt; I couldn't agree more. I always like to think that um like remixing across
[51:00] mediums and &gt;&gt; eras are always the most interesting. So like when I was interviewing Zack King, he's like, "Yeah, I got inspiration from Buster Katon." &gt;&gt; And most people on YouTube or Tik Tok or Instagram don't know who that is. &gt;&gt; But actually, if you look at some of his videos side by side, he's elevating that art form from 100 years ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so I think you guys are it's interesting that like you guys are finding inspiration in uncommon places. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I know that's a lot about long form. So I want to talk about how you guys make
[51:30] shorts cuz you made shorts with Mark Robber for years. Uh, so I want to ask you to break down one of Mark Robber's shorts that you guys made right now. &gt;&gt; So fun. &gt;&gt; All right, let's do it. Let's do it. &gt;&gt; This is one of my favorite shorts. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is a slinky and this is the world's first infinite slinky staircase. And I made it because as a kid I would &gt;&gt; pause right there. So I think shorts it's any YouTube video but shorts especially it's great to start with something very simple &gt;&gt; very recognizable. Everyone knows what a
[52:00] slinky is. So in like Mark fashion this is a slinky. &gt;&gt; And then two seconds in you're subverting their expectations and showing something that you haven't seen before that's unfamiliar. &gt;&gt; And now everyone's hooked because you're like how did he make that thing? &gt;&gt; Yeah. How did he turn something I know and love into something way cooler. &gt;&gt; It instantly went from relatable to completely unrelatable in like 2 seconds. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And this wasn't the first time we did it. We tried this on the Jell-O short. &gt;&gt; It's like this is a pound of Jell-O and this is 10,000 pounds of Jell-O or
[52:30] something like that. &gt;&gt; Oh, the egg one. I was like, "This is an egg, &gt;&gt; but this is an egg that was soaked in vinegar." &gt;&gt; American accents are coming through. Um, &gt;&gt; but yeah. But this one really banged because I think it's just such a simple captivating intro &gt;&gt; and then engineering is a great medium for telling a story &gt;&gt; because you have something that you want to create and then you trying to like overcome the obstacles to create that thing. So really the the meat of these Mark Robber videos is Mark trying to
[53:00] overcome obstacles to create this magical amazing &gt;&gt; um invention. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so then we geeked out on how to like tell those stories. So it would be how do we find the cause and effect in his engineering like journey which he does a really well like &gt;&gt; he was already doing this on his long &gt;&gt; he does this in his long form but we just found it really fun to create these little stories out of the builds. &gt;&gt; So and if you can make it as relatable as possible where like it's a childhood
[53:30] memory that he's trying to like um you know create like a full circle moment with or he's like trying to Yeah. So, for example, for this, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; he's saying, let's let's just keep watching it. &gt;&gt; And I made it because as a kid, I would always try and see how many stairs I could get my Slinky to climb down &gt;&gt; with my record, sadly. &gt;&gt; So, his goal is to see how many stairs his Slinky can climb down. &gt;&gt; And that's his that was that was his goal since being a kid. So, if he can create this thing, it's going to achieve a lifelong goal that probably a lot of
[54:00] kids can relate with. &gt;&gt; I see a parallel kind of like with your lifelong goal to make a movie about Mr. Beast. you know, now it's like in a short but about &gt;&gt; I mean, if you can make it as like meaningful as possible, people relate with it way more. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think like we on YouTube sometimes think, oh, it's just like a fun random video, but like we like to try and find a meaning that everyone could connect to like in I don't know like really good music artists or like filmmakers, they'll find a universal connection first &gt;&gt; and then get into the story. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And that's exactly what we
[54:30] did. So, we've we've gotten the crazy hook. We've got the crazy we've got the relatable &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; why &gt;&gt; climb down. &gt;&gt; With my record sadly always maxing out at seven or eight, I decided now that I'm an engineer, it was time to avenge this childhood frustration to set an unbeatable world record. Using a treadmill tilted at just the right angle. The problem with that is there was very little repeatability because the landing surfaces were inclined unlike actual stairs. So, to solve that issue, I tried an actual escalator. And
[55:00] although that works, &gt;&gt; so basically the rest of this short is him triing different methods until he gets it right and gets one step closer each time. &gt;&gt; And so he's adding different parts to this build until he nails it and you get to the final invention. So it's a really clear like story structure of him &gt;&gt; trying to crack the code on what this build is and how he can avenge his childhood frustrations. &gt;&gt; What's the creative process with Mark to make that short? Like are you guys scripting it? Are are you guys doing a like a test shoot with you like in Mark's place as you go through it?
[55:30] Because like everything has to hit for a short to do this well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um like what is that process to get there um and produce like one of these two of these every week like you did? &gt;&gt; Yeah. At at first when we were still in Australia, we would shoot the whole thing with ourselves as standins &gt;&gt; and we'd send it to Mark and he'd he'd give us notes or tell us what he thought. And then as we when we moved to America, it became a lot easier. We're shooting with him. &gt;&gt; And so we would kind of have an ideation meeting together and he would kind of
[56:00] say, "I'd love to do a short about this or I'd love to do a short about this." &gt;&gt; We go write that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we would come up with the ideas together. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And once he gets it into his list when we're like, "Okay, we're shooting these ones this week." We just talk about like the intro really quick. Like &gt;&gt; what like what's our angle here? &gt;&gt; And Mark will throw some ideas. We'll throw some ideas. And then we'll pick like, "Okay, that's a good like starting point." Then we go away, write the thing, &gt;&gt; come back, show Mark, he'll tweak it. &gt;&gt; And like by like we really got close to
[56:30] like writing in his voice, which is always a tricky thing to like perfect cuz as a creator, it's like that's the one thing that you have that is really hard to train, right? &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; teaching someone else to write in your voice is very difficult. &gt;&gt; And so we were trying to like we really wanted to get it really close for him. So it made it as easy as possible for everyone to make these shorts. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so it was fun like sending Mark scripts and he'd be like, "I wouldn't say like that. I'd say like this or sometimes nailing it and he'd be super impressed." &gt;&gt; After a little bit, he would he was like really like happy with how we captured his voice and he's like, "You guys are
[57:00] doing this really well." Like so that was like a good moment where he started trusting us more. We were able to do more and &gt;&gt; and that's when they kind of just started taking off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Were there any notes that Mark gave you guys on your videos, your drafts, your scripts that was memorable? I mean, because it's like you guys in a room, it's like three YouTube geniuses at work. &gt;&gt; Like, was there anything that you learned from Mark when making this like very very tactical that comes to mind? &gt;&gt; I mean, literally one of the first shorts we created with him was the
[57:30] modified bowling ball. &gt;&gt; And that was actually a trial short that we made as as an audition, as like our um as an application. And it's like one of his best performing shorts today. And and that was like a real moment for Mark to be like, whoa, these guys like nailed it first try. And we were shocked, too. Like, how did that how did that happen? &gt;&gt; But yeah, like he would give really good notes. Trying to think of some. Um, in general, &gt;&gt; it was like little little things about
[58:00] how he would say something. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Or we would try and take a a stab at the like science explanations and then he would tweak those because we have no clue about science. because I ask because I think um there's more up and cominging creators that are going to be in your positions working for the bigger guys before &gt;&gt; you know they they grow themselves and I and I think &gt;&gt; one of the hardest things and like I'll share my perspective like hiring and growing our team to nine people now it's like hard to find somebody who will learn my style and my voice such that
[58:30] when I'm reviewing something of theirs they've gotten closer to what I would have done if I was like just pouring over that versus the other things that I'm not balancing and you guys seem to have got it like that. So, so I'm wondering &gt;&gt; like were there other things that you did to try to like pick up on like what would make like a good Mark Robber short not being Mark Robber yourselves? I mean, we would watch all his videos, just like every single one, just even in our spare time, &gt;&gt; just to really immerse ourselves in how
[59:00] Mark speaks, &gt;&gt; what he like how he tells a story. &gt;&gt; And I think that's one of the most valuable things to like a bigger creator, like someone who genuinely knows how they how they talk &gt;&gt; and how like his vocabulary, how he likes to banter, &gt;&gt; even the inflections in how he says a line. We would write things and like highlight in bold like how he would say emphasize a word &gt;&gt; like what &gt;&gt; uh like um what's this one? This is &gt;&gt; pull up a Yeah, maybe in the slinky one we'll find &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; a moment. It's like in every video
[59:30] there's like a funny inflection. &gt;&gt; And I made it because as a kid I would always try and see how many stairs I could get my slinky to climb down. With my record sadly always maxing out at seven or eight. I decided now that I'm an engineer, it was time to avenge this childhood frustration to set an unbeatable world record. &gt;&gt; It was time to avenge this childhood frustration to beat &gt;&gt; to set an unbeatable world record. &gt;&gt; And it's like sometimes when we're writing it out, we have to say it in like a Mark Rub accent. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Your accent changed there. Yeah.
[60:00] &gt;&gt; But like it helps us like pitch it to Mark on how it should be sounding like &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; because he always like it's a very like natural thing for him the way he talks. Yeah. but he's fine-tuned it over the years &gt;&gt; and like if you look his earlier videos he'll be like quite monotone and and it's very similar all throughout but now he like peaks his like &gt;&gt; this is a well that's one example this is but then sometimes like &gt;&gt; and then I went to
[60:30] &gt;&gt; you sound crazy &gt;&gt; no it actually I think I think maybe the more specific it's like it's every creator has their own melody. &gt;&gt; Yes. And we figured that out pretty quickly. And then like I think from there he could really trust us with helping write the scripts more. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Can we see one of the early Maybe we'll put a before. &gt;&gt; We literally have a before and after of one of our first uh shorts &gt;&gt; when it's us doing it. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; This is a floating hot dog and I have nine more items that
[61:00] &gt;&gt; I'll send it to you. Instead of a hot dog, we're holding a banana. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; This is a floating hot dog and I have nine more random items that probably shouldn't be suspended in midair. This is a floating hot dog and I have nine more items that probably shouldn't be suspended in midair. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's cool to see the behind the scenes and like props to Mark. I mean, it's like it takes a great manager, not just a creator, to be able to see that talent and grow it and give you guys notes. &gt;&gt; Um, so, you know, you guys were part of a team that helped Mark Robber go from 25 to over 60 million subscribers.
[61:30] &gt;&gt; Pretty crazy. I mean like there was a point every week he was just hitting a new 10 mil milestone and we're just like making these like 10 mil shorts &gt;&gt; and it was through the shorts like like obviously there was a team with us Mark's like um you know genius strategies and stuff but to see how shorts helped the subscriber count go up so quickly was wild. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's I mean yeah shorts obviously drive a ton of subscriber and the way you guys were like doing some of the call to actions was really genius and and again Mark the whole team they they like deserve a world of credit for
[62:00] creating this environment. Um, I'm curious to go back into like your story, like what were you guys thinking at this moment where like things are now flying high at the day job, you know, with Mark and your YouTube channel is crushing &gt;&gt; at this point. You've done a few commercials for creators, right? Like Joyide, um, Unspeakable, &gt;&gt; Nick DGI, like you guys have done a few commercials. not that business model of of sticks as a advertising agency. I
[62:30] hate using that phrase, but just to put it in terms um for other folks to understand &gt;&gt; that's taking off. &gt;&gt; What's your decision-making process at at at that point in terms of do we continue with Mark? Do you go all in on your channel? Like &gt;&gt; like that is a champagne problem. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean tricky. Mark was super gracious the whole time even letting us like you know try tackle both &gt;&gt; and he is the biggest fan of our channel and like loved every time we posted and
[63:00] seeing our videos. &gt;&gt; Um yeah there came a point where we're just like we can't do both of them forever &gt;&gt; and we wanted to like end on a high with Mark and not like we wanted to keep the the product that we're producing for him really high &gt;&gt; and we started to see like our channels becoming more demanding. Also, it's just our dream like to chase our own channel. We knew we wouldn't be working for someone else for too long. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And Mark would say like, "I'll have you as long as you guys will stay." &gt;&gt; And then we just realized like 2025, we
[63:30] need to go all in on our channel. &gt;&gt; We have like so many ideas, such big dreams, we want to make movies. &gt;&gt; The hard part is Mark is this guy who's worked for Apple until he hit 10 million. I was going to say like &gt;&gt; so it's like how do you tell the guy who's done that that we want to stop at less than a million? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; what were those conversations like? Did he like try to up the pay like create incentive? I mean like if I were hiring you guys I would try to do everything I can to create a structure where you know we're all growing together.
[64:00] &gt;&gt; He had he had a good pay structure. So like we were incentivized to stay in in a very good way. Like &gt;&gt; very generous of him to like give us that opportunity. So, we had to like deny that really good long-term kind of like um &gt;&gt; benefit &gt;&gt; and say like because we believe in Mark's channel so much and Crunch Labs, it's like such a it's like skyrocketing. So, it was very hard to jump off that
[64:30] ship. &gt;&gt; But, we do know there are ways we can collaborate with him in the future and there's definitely &gt;&gt; some &gt;&gt; some stuff cooking up. some stuff cooking up cuz there's like a world where we said no to that job offer initially &gt;&gt; when we applied to it. &gt;&gt; The Mark the Mark's initial job like to be a shortter. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think like it's so Yeah. You really have to like swallow your pride to take a job for someone else when you really want to do your own thing. &gt;&gt; And I'm glad we did because it's like there's definitely so many moments where we look back going I'm so it was so worth it to like work with him and the
[65:00] amount of stuff we learned and &gt;&gt; yeah it was a it was a great &gt;&gt; But Mark Robot like working for Mark Robber is still a dream. So it's like it was easy to swallow Al pride. But &gt;&gt; no, but I mean everybody that that's the number one thing that I find when hiring people or creators are up and coming is that working for another creator or working a creative job. Um and obviously like Mark Robber like that is like the pinnacle of what that looks like. that any job where you could learn um kind of accelerates your dream when you go
[65:30] towards it versus delaying it because you're putting it on hold cuz &gt;&gt; you're just exposed to so many blind spots like people that have come on our team and like you know like they're now like working at other companies I still try to look after them or connect the dots and I think there's a lot of goodwill when you do a lot of good work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And clearly you guys have done that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thanks. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, you you left your full-time jobs uh with Mark Robber and then tell me like h how do things like pick up with Mr. Beast like for this movie? Like
[66:00] we didn't even talk about that yet. Like that's the craziest chapter of like the stick story so far. Like Okay. Okay. So, take me through that. And I have a lot of questions about where this movie for like Mr. Beast is at now cuz in the past few days, weeks like things have like moved so fast and I'm excited to be talking to you guys at this inflection point. Yeah. When did things like start to pick up with Jimmy? &gt;&gt; It's it's so poetic. Like the the week I think or like a couple weeks between us leaving Mark
[66:30] um that's when we got the DM from Jimmy. &gt;&gt; Wait, you guys honestly Wow. I keep saying you guys have like serious balls because you left your job before you heard from Jimmy. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I thought it was the other way around. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But we said we were saying we told him like I think in like October 2024 like hey starting in &gt;&gt; January 2025 we probably want to like do our own channel &gt;&gt; but yeah it was &gt;&gt; December &gt;&gt; it was December 2024 Jimmy DM'd us &gt;&gt; and that just like completely shocked us because
[67:00] &gt;&gt; maybe in our videos it seems like we have a connection with Jimmy through like Mark Robber or something but we'd never spoken to him. We' never DM'd him. We didn't have his number. had never met him &gt;&gt; and he reached out to us um DM'd all of our Instagrams. DM'd us on Instagram. &gt;&gt; Just our personal ones and then the Sticks account. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And we were just like, "Is this real or is this like one of those scam accounts?" &gt;&gt; It is amazing when Jimmy wants to get in touch with you and then you get on that call. It's usually a FaceTime audio call. Like I don't like Yeah. Like it's it's amazing how uh like like high touch
[67:30] and and like you know when when he wants to get in touch with somebody it happens obviously, you know. Yeah, definitely. &gt;&gt; But yeah, where did it go from there? &gt;&gt; So, we were um we were actually on this shoot for this Nick the Giovani project. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it was the night we kind of &gt;&gt; arrived in Boston. &gt;&gt; We got settled into our Airbnb and then I checked my phone like, &gt;&gt; "Is that real?" And I showed Lucas and we start filming just in case it's real. &gt;&gt; And there was a message from Mr. Beast and he just said, "Howdy." &gt;&gt; And we were like, "What?" Like everything we've been trying to do even
[68:00] before our YouTube channel like has come to this. And and not that a DM from him is everything, but it just showed that we were trying to like we we started out with this goal of like making a Mr. Beast movie &gt;&gt; and look how close we are right now. Look how look how we we've jumped up the attention of like the world's biggest YouTuber. &gt;&gt; So that one DM meant a lot to us &gt;&gt; and and just the fact that we we never tried to DM him or like try and get to through to his team because we wanted it to be like some like mutual that he wanted to talk to us. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, we were always just like,
[68:30] &gt;&gt; you know, let it happen if it happens. &gt;&gt; Um, which was just a big surprise, like getting that DM. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And to put that in further context, the goal when you guys are like made that video with Mark Robber at the end was like Mark said, "I'll put you in touch with Jimmy when you hit 5 million subscribers." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. And here you guys are at one. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; And and he reached out. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Crazy. Like we we had this channel goal. We We still have it, but &gt;&gt; we have this channel goal of like getting a meeting with Mr. beast when we hit 5 mil
[69:00] &gt;&gt; and we got that meeting before we hit 1 mil. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, it's just crazy how quickly that happened. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And tell me about that meeting with Mr. Beast. Like, what are you guys talking about? Like, how does it go? So, we had that initial call with him a couple weeks after he tried after a couple weeks after he DM'd us &gt;&gt; and we basically pitched him the idea on the phone and we we didn't know if he had heard about it yet or what he thought, but his reaction was just like like huge green flags like
[69:30] &gt;&gt; so awesome. Like he's just like yelling into the phone &gt;&gt; and we were like, "Oh, this is actually like he he sees this as a really good idea." &gt;&gt; And that's just a compliment for like coming from someone as like smart as Jimmy. like if he thinks this is a good idea, then it is like &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; so then he invites us to um his studio in Greenville. &gt;&gt; And so we we rock up and you see it in our video. We're just like, you know, we're just here to hang out, but we want to talk about the movie. Like we want to see
[70:00] &gt;&gt; what his reaction to be if we talk a little deeper about what we are planning to do. And so we, you know, he he creates some time for us, gets us in a room in his studio, &gt;&gt; and he was so generous with his time. Like we did not expect, we thought we'd have like 10 minutes with him and be we would be super grateful, but we hung out the whole day. &gt;&gt; That that is the most amazing thing when when Jimmy's excited about something, he gives it space and and time. And I' I've experienced it's like it's amazing given how big he is, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It was crazy. I mean, we watched like he gave us a sneak peek of all the
[70:30] Beast Games episodes &gt;&gt; until like 3:00 a.m. We're watching his &gt;&gt; Of course. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that was fun. &gt;&gt; And how do you go into that? Like are you preparing with like um pitch materials, a script like like you guys are very thoughtful when you get your moments &gt;&gt; like what did you do in those &gt;&gt; you know meetings with Jimmy to kind of &gt;&gt; share the idea of your mo the movie the vision like to kind of move the conversation along? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean luckily we'd been thinking about it for the past like three or four years already. We had this pitch deck planned before we started this channel
[71:00] &gt;&gt; um before the channel took off. Yeah, &gt;&gt; but we kind of made the decision like in the hotel the night before like I mean we don't have to show him this pitch deck. Like our channel is the pitch deck. &gt;&gt; Our goal, our drive, like all the videos we've made is all he needs to know if like we can do this or not. &gt;&gt; Um and there's also an element of like &gt;&gt; do we need to like prove this to Jimmy or are we still going to do it without his like you know without his yes. Um, so that's always like a interesting
[71:30] element to all this is like we're making a movie about a real person &gt;&gt; and we definitely want their blessing. &gt;&gt; Um, but not necessarily like want to make it with Jimmy. &gt;&gt; So there's just a tricky there's a there's an interesting element that's very real that we need to like still figure out. &gt;&gt; We knew it was more about building trust and like sharing our concept for this thing and then if he's cool with it, he's going to just let us run with it. Which was what happened. He was just like, "Oh, this sounds great. like let me know how you go. &gt;&gt; And that was the perfect kind of like
[72:00] &gt;&gt; balance of Yeah. &gt;&gt; But also he was like um very interested in like partnering on it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So it's still in the works. We don't know how it's going to end up. &gt;&gt; Um but it's exciting either way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean there's a lot of people who would hate for us to partner with him. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of people who would love for us to part partner with him. &gt;&gt; But it's that's all irrelevant. It's more like we just want to tell the story we want to tell. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And um whatever lets us get to that Yeah. &gt;&gt; is going to be the avenue. &gt;&gt; Yeah. How do you walk that line to make
[72:30] a movie about Mr. Beast, not for Mr. Beast? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Where you guys are telling &gt;&gt; Mr. Beast's full story, like the full truth, like everything that's happened. um like how do you go about doing that and and and maintaining like the um &gt;&gt; yeah like all all the stuff that like uh has happened. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like the the way we're thinking about it as storytellers is
[73:00] &gt;&gt; we want to look at the truth and the accurate kind of like telling of his story and then find something in it that we want to tell &gt;&gt; and that's uh like that's what's guiding us. So, we're not too worried about, you know, the public's perception or like what he would like to put be put in it or stuff like that. We're just wanting to write what is in our hearts to write. &gt;&gt; Now, when you're also like we're building a connection, friendship with Jimmy, um we want to honor that.
[73:30] &gt;&gt; We, you know, we definitely see that as like something to value &gt;&gt; and we also owe it to the audience not to like side like side with one way too much. So, it's actually like that's probably been the hardest part &gt;&gt; of like walking that line of &gt;&gt; we're trying to document our journey on YouTube and document our journey to making this movie as raw and as authentic as possible to our audience, &gt;&gt; but then also have like real stakes with like this, you know, we have a friendship with Jimmy and like we want to make sure that
[74:00] &gt;&gt; um we're keeping that trust. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But yeah, we also when it comes to like just being an unbiased like trusted story here, we don't want it to feel like a Jimmy Puff piece or like we don't want to feel like it's a beast production movie. &gt;&gt; It's not. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; but there are there are ways to work with Jimmy and the team to make this the best story that we want to tell. &gt;&gt; You know, accuracy and um you know, hearing parts of his story that aren't on the internet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Going deeper. &gt;&gt; There's incentive for everyone to work
[74:30] together on it. I I mean I I I feel that on a personal level because um anytime we do our behind the scenes shoots with Jimmy, we try to do the same like how do we share the full story and then I was telling you guys like we just wrapped this 45day shoot with Jimmy to do this docu series about his life and the making of Beast Games. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And they led us everywhere. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. you know, and we had like, you know, six to seven like camera ops like on the ground like for the 45 days and just like capturing everything because like you know, Jimmy and his team like
[75:00] really just wanted to share like how things like happen with the show and how things get done and and uh I'm just excited to see like what you guys find and what you focus on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And um &gt;&gt; and we've noticed that he's been very vulnerable like and open like you can ask anything. you can um you know just find out what you want to know about my story. It's hasn't been any like um barriers. &gt;&gt; So that's a good sign. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; No, it's a it's a beautiful thing and I I just can't wait to see what you guys
[75:30] uh you know put out. Um &gt;&gt; is a movie going to cost $20 million? &gt;&gt; I mean, we put that in the title because it looked good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But yeah, that's that's within the range of like what this could be. We we need to like create a real like budget for it. M. &gt;&gt; So, we don't want to say yes or no. &gt;&gt; I mean, the good thing is we've learned how to create something really awesome with just like a few dollars. &gt;&gt; And so, um, yeah, I think the more money we can work with, the better we can make it. I think we have this feeling that
[76:00] it's just going to smash. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But there only time will tell really. &gt;&gt; I I I think it will. I mean, the like also the way it's being framed like the social network, but &gt;&gt; for Mr. Beast, like um how are you funding it? Like trying to get that 20 million. Um, are you trying to go down the studio route? Like, are you trying to self-fund like crow like crowdfund? Like, &gt;&gt; what are you guys doing to make that movie happen? Is Jimmy helping? Is that off limits? Like, like take me through like &gt;&gt; the business of making a movie that big?
[76:30] &gt;&gt; So, the good side of this is we feel like we have more options than we need, which is crazy to say. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like, we've had studios reach out um and had good conversations &gt;&gt; already. Wow. Like are we talking about the big studios? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like I would say them, but like some of the big studios that make the big movies that we all watch. &gt;&gt; Wow. Some of our favorite movies. &gt;&gt; Like one of them one of them accidentally emailed like my childhood email. Like a massive movie studio sent an email to like my personal like email I created.
[77:00] &gt;&gt; If you didn't check it, we wouldn't have like had this. &gt;&gt; I checked the spam folder and it was there for some reason &gt;&gt; like football fan like 95 like &gt;&gt; it's like my hot mail. &gt;&gt; Um and so lucky I checked it. But yeah, I mean there's like &gt;&gt; what did the email say? They they saw your YouTube video. Like what was that point of because because to cross that um barrier into a studio execs inbox or awareness takes another thing especially for a YouTuber like what was that email? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was some it was something about like we've seen your YouTube channel and
[77:30] like we love what you're doing and um your YouTube videos are crazy. We love the idea of like this beast movie. Like let's let's talk about it and see how we can make it happen. &gt;&gt; And um like that's crazy. And so we're like trying to digest that but also not move too fast or we make the wrong decision. So we're still in this place of trying to work out how we want to fund it &gt;&gt; because what we can say is like we want full creative control. We want to make sure that we're distributing in the way we like &gt;&gt; and we also um yeah we also don't want
[78:00] to be too tied down because when you up the budgets &gt;&gt; there's strings attached. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we're really like learning and trying to figure out the best way to make this particular movie. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it's our first time doing it. So, &gt;&gt; I mean, that's the hard part. Like, &gt;&gt; we've we've made these trailers before and and we feel like we're getting great at that, but like making a feature film is obviously a different beast. &gt;&gt; Didn't mean to say that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But, &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, what are you guys learning so far? I
[78:30] I I can't wait to like &gt;&gt; hear more about the D. I know we're still in the first inning of it, but like making a movie, like there's so many like &gt;&gt; legacy things that go into it, like you know, the way you hire, the way you like like are there anything else that you've learning right now as you're like trying to put this movie? Wait, is it happening? &gt;&gt; Like is it in pre-production right now? &gt;&gt; Um, we we've been working on the script &gt;&gt; script. Okay, so you guys are working on script in the early stages. &gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah, &gt;&gt; but we had a writer retreat where we like hired like an Airbnb for a week and just like locked in on the script
[79:00] &gt;&gt; and we just got so excited with like what we got had a really productive week. &gt;&gt; Like that's our favorite part. Like the story is just what we obsess over. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; So now that like we're so excited about the story like it's more clear to us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's about to get really fast like the &gt;&gt; we're going to roll into like figuring out &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; how we want to do it, how we want to fund it, and when we want to shoot it, stuff like that. I I'm so excited for you guys because I feel like you're you're putting YouTubers on your back and just, you know, showing where this
[79:30] could go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the hard part is like having a channel at the same time. Like we don't want to forsake the channel and our audience that we've built. &gt;&gt; So it's like that's the thing that we're learning is like how do we take how do we tackle such a big project while maintaining the consistency. take me through that because I think there's a lot of things about Hollywood that you apply to YouTube videos that I think you're almost making this new blueprint like you guys have reinvented like how to succeed on YouTube and how to like you know improve your retention. Um what
[80:00] are some of those principles that you guys use in your videos that you think any YouTuber watching starting out can learn from um to improve their craft? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. One really cool thing that we've taken from movies is the idea of cause and effect. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which means nothing happens in your video unless it's been caused by something else. &gt;&gt; And that's just like the story structure of a script. Y &gt;&gt; So the first thing you start with a movie is like a character with a goal and a conflict.
[80:30] &gt;&gt; And then their first act is met with conflict and then they have to figure out a way around that conflict. So that creates this thing called cause and effect, which is instead of just a list of things that this character did that could be rearranged in any order. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It creates this chain of events that can't happen in any other order. &gt;&gt; Maybe break down the Ryan Treyan like you surprised him with a movie video. Like how does that like kind of take some of these principles from Hollywood but make it, you know, youtuby?
[81:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, we like to use this little tool of um the wording but and therefore within your story. Adding those words in as you tell your story helps you um create that cause and effect. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But like being like, okay, there's a tension point like an obstacle &gt;&gt; therefore is how you overcome that obstacle &gt;&gt; or cause and effect. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like you guys have talked about. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, we could tell you some of these story beats and how button therefore. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm curious. Take me through those. And I'm also curious like after that like are there stuff you cut out
[81:30] because it was like an and then or something like it wasn't it didn't fit with that. Yeah. So take me the through the butt and therefore &gt;&gt; the start of the Ryan Tran video. &gt;&gt; So uh we wanted to surprise Ryan with the movie. So we flew to America. &gt;&gt; That was our goal. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; but when we arrived we didn't have any connections. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Therefore &gt;&gt; therefore we went to Creator Now to see if we can make a connection. But no one there could help us. Um, therefore, we stayed as long as we could
[82:00] to make sure we could find someone. And then Zach showed up. &gt;&gt; But he said, "You have to make a video if you want me to get if you want me to connect you with Ryan." &gt;&gt; Therefore, next scene we're making a video &gt;&gt; to get connected. &gt;&gt; And then it just continues like this like and and you're keeping our attention. &gt;&gt; The idea is this could be the best retention technique &gt;&gt; without feeling like one. without feeling like one. And it feels more like a movie because that's what movies focus on. They focus on the moment, the scene you're in right now. &gt;&gt; If the tension is real and the conflict
[82:30] is like real enough, &gt;&gt; you don't want to click off. Like you don't you're in the moment in the movie. &gt;&gt; So, what are those things that you cut that like cuz you know editing and and BTS like it it's always a trend down version of reality um to keep people's attention. What did you guys cut? Um, because it didn't feel like it fit in that but slash therefore framework. &gt;&gt; The whole &gt;&gt; BTS shoot got cut down into a certain way. &gt;&gt; The like it so when we start shooting, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; there's so many things going on. There's
[83:00] little like obstacles and there's little winds, &gt;&gt; but we cut out so much of that if it doesn't serve the story. So there was this whole thing where we were trying to find a trumpet prop for the Ryan Treyan movie and we didn't have one. We're trying to look on Facebook Marketplace and our friend had to drive all around Texas pretty much to find something &gt;&gt; and we thought that was like pretty good tension like we filmed some of it &gt;&gt; important you know important prop for the movie. When we get into the edit we
[83:30] realized that didn't clearly help move the story forward. M so because the way we edit our montages is we decided to go based off the movie the script &gt;&gt; and not our BTS day by day. &gt;&gt; Some moments are and then moments and they don't clearly have a obstacle connected to the previous &gt;&gt; action that is worth connecting into this chain of events. So there's often times we're cutting out sections of
[84:00] like, you know, what we had for lunch that day or &gt;&gt; um the plane was a little delayed and we we got on it in the end. It's just like not worth adding to the story. &gt;&gt; If there are moments like like we found while editing this, if there are moments that we that are just us having fun and we want to add it to like connect with the audience, we'll put it right after a butt &gt;&gt; and not after a therefore &gt;&gt; because when there's a butt, there's a question. It's like how are they going to overcome this obstacle? Now you have the curiosity loop of how are they going to solve that? So that's a good time to like see us, you know, get Chick-fil-A
[84:30] or like that's a good time to see us like shop around for some props and things like that. &gt;&gt; But if we did it after a solution and then we went and wasted the audience time by showing us vlogging, &gt;&gt; they click off. &gt;&gt; You click off. &gt;&gt; Oh, fascinating. Cuz yeah, you rather do it after the butt where there's tension. Yes. &gt;&gt; It's unresolved. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I've seen you guys do you like cut the music out, you know, you did like a bit of levity and then get back into it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. Um, that's really Any other like things in your toolkit that you guys use um to mix cinematic and YouTube?
[85:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, show don't tell, everyone's heard of that, but I think it's it can be like underrated still. Like I think &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; the way we cut each scene, we the goal for us is to make it feel like how it felt in real life for us. Like when we're editing this video, for example, the R train one, we kind of put all the um footage in the timeline, and just whenever there was an editing decision or a music decision or a sound effect decision, it was always guided by how it felt in that moment
[85:30] &gt;&gt; to feel those feelings. &gt;&gt; And we and we wanted to like go to a resort to VO last &gt;&gt; because it's like just telling you the emotion is the is the least is not is the worst way to make you feel something. Wait, say that again because a lot of YouTubers use voice over. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we try and consider voice over as a last resort. &gt;&gt; So, we'll edit we'll put all the footage in the timeline, you know, put music in, edit sections, make them shorter, &gt;&gt; but before we add in a line about the
[86:00] context or what we're doing in this part, we'll try and see if it's it can be told through the editing, if it can be told through the music, if it can be told through the sound effects. &gt;&gt; And then at last resort, we'll add a line if we need to really explain what happened in that scene. or a way to like transition into the next scene &gt;&gt; or how we're feeling. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But sometimes a cut can do that. &gt;&gt; We were so excited after getting a text message from Ryan that we were like like on cloud9 ready to shoot this thing. Nothing could get us down &gt;&gt; and the next morning our one of our key
[86:30] actors pulled out cuz he was sick &gt;&gt; on the day of the shoot. &gt;&gt; And &gt;&gt; instead of us like writing a VO line to like make you feel that, the cut makes you feel that. Now we just have to make the best dang trailer we've ever made in our lives. &gt;&gt; The college staff actor just pulled out. He said, "I tested positive for CO this morning, not feeling well." That was like the majority of the shoot today.
[87:00] &gt;&gt; You see us like really excited and then cut all of a sudden. our faces are so depressed and I deliver a line on camera saying our main actor had just pulled out. &gt;&gt; Like that is way better than saying, &gt;&gt; "But you won't believe what happened the next day." &gt;&gt; Like that's just more efficient just to make you feel the emotions. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Rather than having to tell you the emotions. &gt;&gt; What other examples or or things you guys do? Because I I think too many YouTubers rely on voiceover. Like what other things have you guys done or examples like that? I mean, in the
[87:30] films, in the trailers, there's like a like very good use of like show don't tell. &gt;&gt; Um, especially in this Emma Chamberlain one, we tried to really lean into that in the second half especially where just like it was mainly just beautiful shots. &gt;&gt; Um, and it wasn't much dialogue &gt;&gt; and the aspect ratio I remember from that made me feel like I think it was 4x3. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It made me feel like nostalgic &gt;&gt; for memories I didn't even have. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Like and I think like as filmmakers there you you're very aware
[88:00] of like your the the film making tools and techniques that you can use to make people feel something &gt;&gt; and if you carry that into YouTube &gt;&gt; I mean it's just it's like it's just so OP. &gt;&gt; It's underrated on YouTube like not many people are are using film making techniques like an aspect ratio like the color grade the sound effects I think are really key. Um, even just like composition, &gt;&gt; like if you're framing your shots in a way that says something to avoid just
[88:30] telling the audience in in voice over. &gt;&gt; Um, te &gt;&gt; teach me something about that. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; About framing. &gt;&gt; How does framing and emotion work together? &gt;&gt; So, like one framing thing that we do is we've hired out an entire cinema for one person and you could frame them like a close-up cuz they're the only thing in the frame, &gt;&gt; right? But we try and start each thing super wide to make you feel like this is very important. We did this whole thing for one person. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; There should be a room full of people here, but we're doing this just for the
[89:00] one person. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you only get that when you see the wide shot. &gt;&gt; So little things like that. &gt;&gt; It also it also like hints at the scale of what we're trying to do. like this is a big grand video rather than um starting tight and not seeing the the scale, you know? &gt;&gt; What about music or or sound design? Like I feel you guys are very deliberate about that, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, at the end of most of our videos, we like to create like a little montage recap of all the feelings you
[89:30] felt in that video &gt;&gt; just before you get the climax answer of like the proposition, for example, &gt;&gt; cuz it kind of brings the whole context of the journey squished into like a 30-cond thing that you feel all again right before you get the final answer. &gt;&gt; You close every loop. And I think the way to make sonically, yes. &gt;&gt; I mean, so we'll put your name in the credits of the Mr. Beast movie in return for something. &gt;&gt; Would you be willing to get us a meeting with Mr. Beast?
[90:00] &gt;&gt; I would be very genuine with you. I immediately believe about &gt;&gt; sending in three, two, &gt;&gt; we smashed it. &gt;&gt; One. &gt;&gt; Good job. Oh no. &gt;&gt; I'm cold in places I shouldn't be cold. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; We did it. We did it. &gt;&gt; So, there's two of us. He'll be able to shake our hands like this.
[90:30] &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. An idea we had was like, how do we make this moment feel dreamy and like nostalgic and make them feel like the 30-minute video they watched was like something that &gt;&gt; blur that they just like relived. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we thought adding adding music that kind of swells and builds up obviously, but then the and then some sound effects and like um &gt;&gt; sound bites throughout the movie, &gt;&gt; but then &gt;&gt; throughout the video, &gt;&gt; but then the secret source of those
[91:00] moments is like &gt;&gt; like extending the audio clips further than the actual film clips and kind of meshing all the audio together. &gt;&gt; So, when you're watching it, you don't you're not really seeing like harsh cuts or harsh sound cuts. You're feeling like this weird memory feeling of like &gt;&gt; overlapping and you can't quite pick out what is being said, but you get the feeling. And it's it's L cuts and J cuts. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, it's just a bunch of really extended L cuts and J cuts. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; With with long fades and like
[91:30] &gt;&gt; um I mean we position them so like perfectly that it like you can still hear what's being said, but like in a way that you can't really tell when a clip ends or starts. It all just feels like this blur. &gt;&gt; Yeah. which is how we get like that dreamy effect at the end of the videos. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's magical. It's It's so cool. What What else like what what other little tricks and and and tips do you guys use to make your videos as good as they are? &gt;&gt; I want to say something about camera movement. &gt;&gt; So, I think sometimes the culture on
[92:00] YouTube is like to film everything the same way or like at least what I've seen. &gt;&gt; And I think we try to film things a little different when it comes to camera movement. So like one time on the Ryan Treyan shoot there was a shot we were trying to get with Ryan running track and well the doppelganger and we were shooting it in a way where the the camera was still. So our BTS camera was still as well &gt;&gt; and we were like small in the frame and then it was like this very underwhelming
[92:30] shot of him walking past and Kurt and I were like this isn't working and then we hard cut to like all of us in full sprint. the camera guy, the BTS camera, and the actor. &gt;&gt; And this shaky camera just like made you feel like, whoa, they really made this shot way more epic. &gt;&gt; So, that's just like context for us. But if you film things more to what they feel like in the moment, sometimes you should put on a tripod. Sometimes you should go handheld, &gt;&gt; sometimes you should try like a push in. And there's more things you can do with
[93:00] camera movement to like say something in the edit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Give yourself more to play with. &gt;&gt; Um, I think that's one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. or even challenging the more common way of filming something and doing it in a different way &gt;&gt; can also like give it some spice. Like &gt;&gt; I mean like there's a shot in the one of our favorite shots in one of our trailers is in the Emma Chamberlain video where she's talking on the phone um by the bathtub &gt;&gt; and she's talking about how she she hates that she's always filming herself &gt;&gt; and it seems like this really beautiful intimate moment she's having with her
[93:30] dad until you pan the camera a bit and you see she's even filming this conversation &gt;&gt; and like there's just different ways you can like get creative with the camera movement that reveals something or like paints the story in a completely different light And and I think that that is a great example of like when we've used camera movement really well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, those are such good practical tips. I think any YouTuber can learn from. &gt;&gt; Um it's cool to see you guys break it down. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're building a team and like learning from Mark about how he's
[94:00] building it. He built a team &gt;&gt; with his voice and that's what we're doing right now. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that we can make a movie. &gt;&gt; Tell me more about how are you guys building the sticks team. &gt;&gt; So how are we doing it? Um, we are like growing our editing team is the first play because that takes us the most amount of time. If we if we have more editors that kind of hit our standard and get our vision and kind of capture our voice, &gt;&gt; then we can make more videos. &gt;&gt; Then the other part of that is writing the scripts and like training people to
[94:30] write similar to us, like doing more of a writer's room so that saves us some time. And so there's elements like that, plus like getting more producing help so that people there's other people in our team deciding when to make the videos and getting them done on time so that our head space is kind of like &gt;&gt; opened up to think about making a feature film. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that's really the the key hires we're trying to make is like editors, &gt;&gt; writers, and producers. &gt;&gt; How big is the team now? Um, we have
[95:00] about one, two, like they're all contractors, but &gt;&gt; around up to 10, nearly 10 people, which is crazy. I mean, on a on a film set, it'll be more than that, obviously. &gt;&gt; Of course. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, but yeah, we've found like some some really cool guys who are continuing to work with and it just it's so cool and rewarding to like find that team and when when it really clicks, it's so awesome. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And what's the business of Stixs now? because I mean you guys have this amazing I hate the word flywheel because it's overused but you you really do.
[95:30] It's like you make the trailer and you make the commercial like um you know I'm about to co-found a company actually with Zach. Um we're starting a um accounting company. It's called Boring Stuff where we handle all the boring stuff for creators accounting bookkeeping. If we were to go to you guys and try to hire Sticks to make a commercial for us like what's the range? I'm sure you have different pack but what's the range of like how much that costs right now? M &gt;&gt; should we say a range? &gt;&gt; Are we talking about are we in six figures yet? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're in six fig. &gt;&gt; Six figures for for for a commercial.
[96:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And is and then you have like is your BTS a part of that cuz that's another different. Yeah. Like we for the unspeakable one for example, our brand dealer was um his course that we're promoting. So like extra advertising to a whole new audience. &gt;&gt; They wanted that as an addition to like sponsor BTS as well. &gt;&gt; That's amazing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So you guys have the commercials that you're making for creators. you have the um sponsored slots within the BTS just like other YouTubers and that could be like the product that you're making a
[96:30] product for could double dip you know in a good way. &gt;&gt; Um obviously you have the AdSense uh you have merch on sticks. Store &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; and uh is there anything else like that you guys are thinking about to to add to the business? Um and I also know you guys are like there's so many things in your world right now. You guys also just shot a Feastables ad. &gt;&gt; Like, how is that? I mean, that also has to be like high pressure because &gt;&gt; you're going out to shoot a Fastables ad. I mean, tell tell me the story, but but Jimmy is who you're casting in that.
[97:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. And then it's like it's it did it feel like a try out for the movie or like your relationship together like like tell tell me about that &gt;&gt; in a sense like I don't think Jimmy sees it like that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But there's no way to get around it like &gt;&gt; making a movie for Jimmy at this stage before we want to make a feature film about Jimmy. &gt;&gt; It's going to affect like what like our dream. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So like &gt;&gt; and what he thinks of you guys what he thinks of us. It's like building trust. It's building trust. if if it was a complete flop, like no one would trust
[97:30] us to make the Mr. Beast movie. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And to give more context, what did um Jimmy and the Fastables team asked you to make? Like how did that come about? Were you guys there in Greenville talking about the movie? And they're like, "By the way, you should make a ad for Feastables, a commercial." Like, how do these two things coincide? &gt;&gt; We had that conversation, that meeting with Jimmy in person. Then a couple months later, we posted our second Joy Ride ad. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then he saw that and he DM'd us straight away saying, "I want one for Fastables. Pretty please." you can show the DM on screen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then we were like, heck, &gt;&gt; that's crazy. Like that's I mean, it
[98:00] doesn't get much better than that in terms of like YouTube uh like YouTuber market. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If we're doing this niche of like YouTuber products, &gt;&gt; then Fastables is one of the top &gt;&gt; and then it just took like a lot of like um you know, chatting with the the team and like &gt;&gt; trying to um we pitched a story that we really really like. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you guys showed me the story boards. It looks amazing &gt;&gt; and and they were awesome enough to like you know, trust us like create it. It's definitely like a like it can feel like a swing in the dark for a brand to like trust like filmmakers with telling such
[98:30] a a mysterious grungy story, &gt;&gt; but like the Fables ad is like exactly the kind of short films and and movies that we'd love to make. It's just like there's really you know mysterious almost thriller vibes. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; can you talk about the con because this will come out after that's at what can just tell us about the concept of the festivals and what's the product is it? So the product they told us that they were releasing a chocolate milk. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So it's like, "Oh, cool. A brand new like Feastables product. We're the first to know about this. This is crazy."
[99:00] &gt;&gt; And so we started like ideating. We also knew that they have like this um mission to end child labor in chocolate, which we really resonated with us. And we were kind of thinking of like how we can how can we make this chocolate milk the hero of the story &gt;&gt; and like and we wanted to have a metaphor for what they're doing to end child labor &gt;&gt; within the story. &gt;&gt; And something we learned from like working with Ryan was like it always works when the the product is implemented into the plot of the movie
[99:30] &gt;&gt; and it kind of saves the day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so we tried that again with like when we were coming up with this story and we kind of came up with um you know Jimmy is in front of this $1 billion chocolate factory. He's been invited to be in a tour. He enters the factory and it's a scam. &gt;&gt; He gets &gt;&gt; he gets trapped in there. &gt;&gt; He he falls down a trap door and he realizes that this underground chocolate factory &gt;&gt; actually has like brainwashed their workers, &gt;&gt; taken away their childhood memories &gt;&gt; and he's got no way out. And and the
[100:00] goal for him is to, you know, free these workers. And the way we kind of wrote into the story is that the chocolate milk &gt;&gt; kind of thing that does it. Cuz the cool thing is like the festivals team were saying they love the idea of chocolate milk being attached to nostalgia. &gt;&gt; Like as a kid, everyone remembers like downing a chocolate milk. Um, and so we thought like if that moment of drinking the chocolate milk kind of like brings back the nostalgia, brings back the childhood memories, awake, it like wakes
[100:30] you up from the sleep. &gt;&gt; Um, then it becomes the hero of the movie. &gt;&gt; And then you have this beautiful metaphor of like what Jimmy really wants to do in the real world, like you know, freeing these children and giving them their memories back, their childhood memories. &gt;&gt; And it just &gt;&gt; by by by paying the workers more so that the children don't have to work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And and that Yeah. Yeah, I mean that story just like Yeah, we're super proud of how it turned out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. I can't I can't wait to see that. Um I can't believe how quickly you guys are turning around. Like how many days did you shoot it?
[101:00] &gt;&gt; We shot it over four days. &gt;&gt; Four days. Biggest production yet. You guys are done. &gt;&gt; It felt like it it was like a taste of like what a movie set would feel like. Just the amount of moving parts and and builds that the beast team helped out with. &gt;&gt; Sets and building props was crazy. &gt;&gt; And then Yeah, it was crazy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm excited. We're going to do a breakdown of it. And uh you you know a day I'm really excited about. Um I I think I'm going to put a few predictions out there. Um I think you guys will be remembered as the Spielbergs of YouTube. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; I really do. I think you guys are the Spielbergs of YouTube.
[101:30] &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Um I think that uh you guys are going to go on to do a ton of movies. &gt;&gt; Um I think that not only creator brands are going to come to you, but big legacy brands are going to come to you. &gt;&gt; Um I think you guys are going to have a lot of kids. I know. I don't know how you're balancing and being a new dad. Like a new dad myself. like and you guys like yeah your your families must be so proud. Your wives are also um the real MVPs hearing like I know we haven't talked about them enough but you know how important that support system is especially you guys you were traveling
[102:00] &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; early days from Australia to &gt;&gt; um California that is not easy and and I I um I'm just rooting for you guys so hard. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; So hard. Like I I can't wait to see what you guys do and just uh yeah you guys are just a shining example. I appreciate you guys taking the time and talking about this a lot of this stuff for the first time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we appreciate it. This is so fun. It's been so awesome.