# I Asked YouTube's CEO Your Hardest Questions (feat MrBeast, Logan Paul & Cleo Abram)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abG3YfHDb5w
Date: 2025-09-16

[00:00] I talked to about 80 creators for this interview. &gt;&gt; How's it going, Neil? I got a fun one for you. &gt;&gt; Hey, Neil, it's been a wild couple years for YouTube. &gt;&gt; What's up, Neil? Logan here. Oh, man. &gt;&gt; I want to ask you their toughest questions. &gt;&gt; We are the world's first and largest creator economy, and I intend to make sure that we remain that way. &gt;&gt; I I had a first look at these new features that YouTube is about to launch. I just prompted a video about Laboos. I deep faked myself. Honestly, Neil, I feel guilty about that video. &gt;&gt; I don't think a piece of content should
[00:30] be penalized just because it was created with AI. &gt;&gt; I pulled these videos from different eras of YouTube, 2010, 2015, 2025 to now Mr. Beast like spending like millions on their videos. &gt;&gt; I've been through all these errors. &gt;&gt; If I'm being honest, like I had to take a lot of my savings to start my YouTube channel. And I talked to creators who have taken up to $60,000 in loans to start their channels. I'm wondering like what is YouTube actually doing to help smaller creators grow? &gt;&gt; Um,
[01:00] [Music] &gt;&gt; all right. Make sure you subscribe and ring the bell because we have so many big videos coming up from interviews to studio tours. And if you haven't already, then go to ytackpack.com to get our free YouTube hackpack with all our best tips, tools, and templates to grow on YouTube today. From our intro and thumbnail templates to our 100 viral ideas for any niche, we constantly update it as we interview more creators so you have the latest and greatest for free. All right, now back to the video.
[01:30] It's crazy being back here at YouTube. You know, when I left my job here 7 years ago to disappoint my parents and try to make YouTube videos full-time. I never thought I'd be getting a chance to interview you as CEO on our channel as YouTube makes some of the biggest updates in the platform's history. So, thank you for having me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, no. Thank you for being here, John. Are your parents happy now with what you're doing? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're making it work. &gt;&gt; Proved them wrong. &gt;&gt; You got a 2-year-old now, so congrats. &gt;&gt; Uh, thank you. Um, so this interview took about a year to schedule. You're
[02:00] you're a busy guy. &gt;&gt; I apologize. No, &gt;&gt; we made it happen. We made it happen. Excited. &gt;&gt; Um, but during that time, I had a chance to prep by talking to about 80 to 90 YouTubers. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; Of all different subscriber sizes. &gt;&gt; You did your homework. &gt;&gt; I did. Um, and they submitted questions, some of them in video, some of them in text, some of them on our Discord. And by far the number one question that we got is what is YouTube actually doing to help smaller creators grow? &gt;&gt; And we got this question from creators as small as yellow skin with 4K subscribers and as big as this guy who
[02:30] texted me a question that I wanted to start off and play it for you. &gt;&gt; Oh, all right. Well, I know this guy. So, let's see what he has to say. &gt;&gt; How's it going, Neil? I got a fun one for you. So, obviously I spend millions of dollars a video. I have hundreds of employees. um you know, largest YouTube channel in the world. But I'm curious, what are you doing to help the next me, the next Mr. Beast? Um you know, is there anything in these updates that will help smaller creators succeed? Because the platform isn't just big creators like me. It also thrives, you
[03:00] know, as long as people think that they can start a new YouTube channel and, you know, have to make good enough videos, build a career off of it. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Well, it's great. I'd expect nothing less from Jimmy. Uh uh by the way, actually what I love about it is like this is one of our most largest and most successful creators and what he's focused on is the next generation of creators and really paying it forward. And I just love that about the culture at YouTube, right? Like that is such a part of the creator e ethos here. And you know ultimately for someone uploading a creative idea to YouTube for
[03:30] the first time, what really matters is getting eyeballs on it and people to watch it. And so, of course, as you know, a lot about how our recommendation systems work is it's about putting videos recommendations in front of you that you want to watch, but we do reserve some inventory in those recommendations for the discovery of new creators. &gt;&gt; Neil, to be clear on that one, cuz I feel like I'm seeing more videos on my homepage, and I took a bunch of screenshots from creators that only have a few thousand subscribers, and these videos have a few hundred views. So, I'm wondering, is there something going on
[04:00] with the algorithm now that's different where YouTube is trying to surface some of these smaller videos? Like, is YouTube reserving slots on my homepage for these videos that don't have a ton of views? &gt;&gt; You're showing me um, you know, a bunch of VODs, long form content. The same thing applies in shorts. Uh, this notion of actually having new creators get discovered. And I think it's really important, in fact, it's so important within YouTube that we try to track um as much as we can this notion of
[04:30] creators getting started. And what I mean by that is not getting started in the literal sense of like setting up a channel and uploading a video. Of course, that's important. We want that to be a seamless process, but getting started in more of the real sense of like feeling like they're a YouTuber, getting some success, getting a handful of subscribers, getting some watch time, etc. So, we look at that &gt;&gt; uh just as closely, if not even more closely, than the health of our biggest creators. &gt;&gt; What else is uh YouTube doing to like help new creators? Um because, you know,
[05:00] there's a lot of people out there who claim that YouTube has a creator problem where you know, creators like Jack Film said like YouTube is an oversaturated platform that tends to boost already popular content and successful channels and you know, it's getting harder to like break through. What would you say to a creator like that or people who are making videos like that in 2025? &gt;&gt; There's a lot of other things that also uh uh we're also focused on there. So, one of the ones that I'm most excited about actually you may have seen recently uh speaking of Jimmy as a
[05:30] collaboration between Mr. Beast and Mark Robber for Team Water is um a a formal collaboration feature where if you're a creator, &gt;&gt; let's say you're a large creator, you can collaborate with up to uh a total of five um creators to bring their channels along to introduce your audience to their channels. And so that's another thing that we're very excited about, hype, you're aware of, which is where fans can actually uh hype up their favorite upandcoming creators. Uh, so I could go on and on in terms of features
[06:00] and ideas that we're working on for the next generation of creators, new creators, creators just getting started, uh, above and beyond what we're doing in recommendations. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I have a lot of questions about that. For the collab feature, I was most interested in what that meant for smaller creators. And I actually reached out to two smaller creators, Stixs and Jack Gordon, who did a collab video with Mark Robber for Team Water, and I asked them if they could screenshot their YouTube studio metrics for those videos. Um, one of them had a 132x outlier on
[06:30] their video, and the other one had a 21x outlier, respectively, which was crazy to see. In talking to your product teams, my understanding is that before if you had somebody in your video or on your podcast, it would take some time to gather signal and put it in front of their audience to see if they like it. But now it immediately sends your video in front of their audience if they accept your collab request. And even like I just realized you could do the collab feature retroactively. So, uh, in the past week, I got access to it and I
[07:00] went back through my podcast and invited Jimmy to be a collab author on my podcast with, which I think may be the first podcast to have that feature. And I saw a spike in views. &gt;&gt; So, I think it's interesting. I think it's also a relationship game where not a lot of like smaller creators may know uh these creators, but anybody could collab at any level. Um, so it is interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's and you're right, like it is some of it is a relationship game. Obviously, you know lots of these creators. it's easy for you to reach out to them. Uh for up and cominging
[07:30] creators, I can imagine that being harder. But now the functionality actually exists where uh if that larger creator is receptive, they actually have a product that they can use to do this. &gt;&gt; And even if you're a smaller creator, you can collab with other creators of your size to get in front of their audiences so you could grow even faster. So a lot of interesting ways to use the tool as it rolls out. It's really early days as you know like the pro the product is not widely available but it's one that I'm super super excited about.
[08:00] It's one that you know again back to this ethos of our creators large creators have asked about just as much as up and cominging creators because they know it's a way for them to pay it forward as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh who keeps the money when you do a collab? &gt;&gt; Uh the the the creator who started the collab? So one creator does. So, in the uh I think in the case of uh Jimmy and Mark, I think it was um kind of the home channel, if you will, was Jimmy's channel. And so, that's where the monetization goes. But, as you know, for young creators, I mean, for up and cominging creators, it's not just about
[08:30] the money. It's it's often times really about the audience as as you point out in the in your research there. &gt;&gt; Do you see a a future where the collab feature could allow you to split revenue between creators? I think it's really early days and actually you know honestly and that might be the case at some point but all the &gt;&gt; both the asks for this feature and and um uh the the feedback on it has really been around audience and engagement and it's back to this kind of you know I
[09:00] have something interesting I really want to share it with as wide of an audience as possible and that's that's what the ask has been it's really about audience building. Yeah. And you could also share analytics on the tool. &gt;&gt; You can share analytics. Uh you can um so yeah that that has been uh a key part of it. The other thing that I should mention that's super important around it. You know your your question around monetization reminded me um you know we're giving lots of creator examples especially upand cominging creators new creators but it's also something that can work for uh brands brands as
[09:30] creators as well. So, you know, if you're a creator like John, you can collaborate like you did with with Jimmy, but you can also collaborate with a brand or a sponsor as well. And so, that's another use case that I'm super excited about. &gt;&gt; And another update I saw is that YouTube is working on autodubbing your videos with with multiple audio tracks, but also I saw that you guys are working on reanimating a creator's lips, so it sounds like they're speaking the foreign language more naturally, even if they don't know it.
[10:00] about the things that have really changed. First of all, the camera department. There have been some interesting upgrades. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think multitrack audio is going to be one that uh is not just the purview of large creators, but for upand cominging creators as well because it turns out that one of the biggest barriers to growth if the algorithm is efficient is actually language. I pulled these videos from different eras of YouTube from 2010, 2015, 2025.
[10:30] &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; And seeing like the double rainbow era, like the annoying orange to the Tyler Oakley and Bethany Moda era of people vlogging their rooms to now, you know, Mark Robber, Michelle Kari, Mr. Beast, like spending like millions on their videos. And I know YouTube has paid over 70 billion dollars to creators in the past three years, which is far more than any other digital platform. But especially as I talked to a lot of
[11:00] creators like like Neil, if I'm being honest, like I I did take a lot of my savings to start my YouTube channel after I I left my corporate jobs. And I talked to creators like Matthew Beam who took $60,000 in loans to start his YouTube channel and he's made it now. He has over 5 million subscribers. But there's a lot of creators who who don't. And I'm wondering what is YouTube doing to help these creators earn more and build bigger businesses to keep up with the content quality bar that keeps rising. &gt;&gt; The way I think about it is that we are the the the world's first and largest
[11:30] creator economy and I intend to make sure that we remain that way. &gt;&gt; We've paid out, you know, billions and billions of dollars to the creator uh ecosystem over the last several years and we want that to continue to grow. And so first and foremost, it's continuing to make sure that um what creators can earn from ads is something that grows with their success. And what that means is you have to deliver highquality advertising products to advertisers and
[12:00] brands. And so that's an area that we don't actually talk a lot about much because it's not as much creator facing, but it's an enormous amount of our resources going to making it so that the ad products that advertisers are spending billions of dollars on actually works for them. And of course, that translates into revenue for for creators. And so that's first and foremost. It's the least talked about uh uh but it's the most important. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and then it's making sure that creators can re earn revenue not just from ads, but also from brand deals for
[12:30] creators, especially some of our larger creators who I know generate a lot of their revenue outside of YouTube ads and through brand deals. So, we're very focused on that last piece. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Tell me about what's new when it comes to helping creators get brand deals because I I had a first look at these new features that YouTube is about to launch. And one of the ones that I think is going to change the way creators go about sponsorships is dynamic ad placements. &gt;&gt; Can you tell me about that change and what's coming to YouTube? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so that's a feature I'm also very
[13:00] excited about. And so um you know as you know and you you know we see this in our own sort of watching experience uh creators especially larger creators are increasingly working with different brands different products different different retailers &gt;&gt; and those sort of sponsored moments the that that video segment is often burned into their videos like they record it basically alongside the videos that they're uploading to YouTube. Well um what if you could make that dynamic?
[13:30] What if you could actually specify within your video where the best places to actually insert those placements and make it so that you can swap those out um maybe a year down the road, maybe two years down the road, maybe you know within a week or what have you depending on what your business objectives are, the deals that you have with your sponsors, that makes that inventory within that video much more valuable because it delivers better ROI for the brands. And so, uh, dynamic brand moments is something I'm very excited
[14:00] about. That's not the only feature though that we're that we're doing for brands. &gt;&gt; Just to take a moment on that because I I think that's a big deal. And again, it's going to change a lot of the ways that creators go about working with brands. I was trying to make sense of it because right now you kind of almost have these like three different ads. you have auto mid rolls, you know, where the algorithm essentially decides or you could place like ads that the Google ads team has sourced and places in um and you could change those around like those are kind of status quo. The other thing that we have right now are these
[14:30] burnt-in sponsorships as you said like a creator speaks to camera as part of the video and that's there and unless you trim it out it stays within the video. This new feature is going to allow you to put something in in a given time stamp. &gt;&gt; Mh. &gt;&gt; And then, let's say you have a deal with a sponsor and say, "I'm going to deliver you 1 million impressions." Once that is met, &gt;&gt; you could then take that out of the video and go sell that spot to another sponsor. Or if I want to swap in a new
[15:00] brand read because I did a holiday campaign for a sponsor and now the holiday's over and I want to swap in something more evergreen for them. I can now do that too with this new feature. Is that right? &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. Yes. And and if I want I'm just thinking like big here like if I want to sell that ad placement you know geographically will there be a capability to do that too like send one sponsorship for all US viewers show
[15:30] &gt;&gt; eventually we'd like to get to that and by the way &gt;&gt; to Mexico etc. &gt;&gt; That's how adword that's how ad systems work today. So actually what you're describing is, you know, it's interesting like the line between sort of like traditional media advertising and brand sponsorships is a bit of a blurry line and actually a lot of it depends on what you as the creator &gt;&gt; have negotiated or what terms you've come to with the brand that you're working with. &gt;&gt; And so that could be a delineation. Right now it's really more around sort of like you as a creator, how you're
[16:00] thinking about it sort of over time, &gt;&gt; but we want to build more functionality there um as well. Um but that's &gt;&gt; again that's one feature that I'm very excited about. Um another so and that has been a big ask. Creators have asked me for that. Another one that creators talk to me about um pretty regularly is um shorts is a great place for um for brands and creators to collaborate. Um
[16:30] and um so one of the things that we're very excited about is actually allowing in YouTube shorts for the first time the ability to actually link to the brands from the shorts. And so again, something that I think will be valuable to users, but also valuable to creators because they're now making it making their partnership even more valuable to the brand. So it's like it's like one of those sort of trifecta type features that I think can work for fans, creators, and brands all at once. So that's another &gt;&gt; back to your original question of like what are we doing to enhance
[17:00] monetization? That's another feature that I'm excited about. So you you could link to the brand's landing page or like cuz I know previously you guys had taken away LinkedIn shorts. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So this is actually a brand new feature that's literally about &gt;&gt; this brand sponsorship's use case within the shorts feed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amazing. Um what are you doing for creators who want to work with the brand? They may talk about them organically but they can't get in touch with them. Uh like Yeah. How what do you what are you doing for those smaller creators? Yeah, I think that's super important, too, because brands
[17:30] sometimes, especially large brands, they want to work with many creators at once. And so, uh, we're also the third thing that we're we're building that I'm excited about is something called, uh, creator partnerships hub. And it's it's kind of actually the way you just described it, John, which is like it's a it's a marketplace that brings creators and brands together. Because you're right, like small creators in particular um might have amazing content that can work for various brands, but they don't
[18:00] really know how to reach out to them. But actually, believe it or not, it goes in the other direction as well. Brands are also looking um to work with obviously the amazing large creators that exist on YouTube, but they're also looking to work with up and upcoming creators, many creators who have amazing content, but they may have not heard about. So, this is a place to kind of bring both those sides together. &gt;&gt; And I guess what's new as well is there's a lot of marketplaces out there right now, a lot of thirdparty ones that try to match brands and creators. &gt;&gt; This one that YouTube is putting out is
[18:30] one where it'll take some of the videos that are already organically made by creators. Like, let's say you want to, you know, work with Nike. You're making videos where you're giving Nike a shout out organically &gt;&gt; through this portal. Nike would then start to see these videos. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then, you know, there could be a message or outreach like trying to make that happen. He can decide like, "Yeah, this works. This is super interesting. I want to collaborate and and kind of and and connect through this this hub." &gt;&gt; Wow. After a creator makes a video without even having a relationship, having a contact at the brand. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Interesting.
[19:00] &gt;&gt; One of the other big changes actually which I think is very important in terms of our support for &gt;&gt; for um upandcoming creators is something that we actually did actually a couple years ago now. It was it hearkens back to our very first made on YouTube um which is um create a new tier for monetization. So there was always the the YPP tier around ads monetization um you know thousand subs you know kind of that that sort of um tier. We've expanded it as you know since then and
[19:30] introduced a tier where uh you are eligible for a lot of our fan funding features at a lower threshold. And so, uh, expanding both, uh, tools to help young, uh, up and cominging creators get discovered, but also helping them monetize. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Another huge topic that a lot of creators have asked about is AI. And how will that impact our monetization, the discovery of our videos, especially as there's some studios and faceless channels out there that make a ton of AI generated content, and obviously that
[20:00] competes for the same digital real estate that our human content does. And I know as part of this launch, YouTube is actually launching a ton of new AI tools. One I saw a first look of where you could turn your speech into a song. I saw this tool that you guys are launching where it takes a bunch of videos from your camera roll and turns it into a full-fledged short, like a recipe tutorial. Um, this other one that inserts a photo of you into a dance video so you could partake in a trend. And I know Google has V3 and I get the validity behind it. like for a newer creator like that makes it easier to
[20:30] upload kind of like a filter did back in the day for a photo and we're just in the first inning of all this and there's a ton of AI slop out there as well and and so knowing all this I wanted to tee up a question from none other than Logan Paul and get your thoughts. &gt;&gt; Okay, what's up Neo? Logan here. I'm curious what type of AI content will be eligible for monetization on YouTube and not get dinged in the algorithm. I think
[21:00] a lot of AI studios are going to be popping up here as it becomes more and more prominent. And I'm wondering how YouTube is going to handle it because I think there's a misconception at the moment with how much work goes into some of the highquality top tier AI content that's being made. Um, and people just don't know about it. And some of it's generated fully, some of it's half generated and mixed in with traditional media techniques. And so I'm just curious how YouTube's going to be handling this AI revolution because I think it's going to be really prominent and a lot of content will be generated.
[21:30] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh man, this is a super interesting question. Um, and I think even the way Logan framed it is is actually sort of the right way to to to frame it, which is um, what I would say first and foremost is I don't think um, our systems, whether it's, you know, the algorithm that that he Logan's alluding to or monetization or what have you, should honestly discriminate one way or the other whether something was generated
[22:00] via AI like VO or something like that or done sort of tradition with a traditional sort of camera or some combination. Um just like um uh new video editing tools are invented all the time, new ways to modify your video are being invented all the time. I really view all of these AI tools that we're creating as exactly that tools. like they should enable creative people like yourself, like Logan, like others to to do what they do best, which is produce
[22:30] amazing content for for their audiences. And so that's the first thing that I will say and I think that that applies to our discovery algorithms. It applies to monetization. Um, having said that, um, I also recognize that with AI tools, um, the cost of production, um, uh, can go down dramatically if you're just in the business of trying to produce as like a giant quantity of content and sort of put it out there to
[23:00] see what happens. Like that has now become dramatically easier. So I think it is incumbent on how YouTube works to make sure that we are not, you know, that users don't get flooded with, you know, quote unquote sort of low lowquality content or what have you. Um, you know, just like we worked really hard to eliminate the clickbait problem that used to exist, you know, years and years ago in the thumbnails and really focus on things like sort of long-term
[23:30] satisfaction on YouTube. um that's the way that I think about approaching it both in terms of um discovery of of this type of content but also in terms of monetization. So no a priority ding or sort of prejudice around it but recognizing that these tools might result in some of that type of content being produced and making sure that our systems are capable and robust enough to be able to deal with them. That's how I think about it. We also have a lot of community guidelines already in place where if you're a creator that is
[24:00] uploading, you know, fully synthetic content, you should, you know, indicate that in the upload and then we place that sort of label sometimes on the video itself, but oftentimes just in the metadata. Again, just as a service to all of your fans and users so that they can recognize that um yeah, this was produced in this particular fashion. And by the way, every piece of content on YouTube, whether it's produced, you know, kind of with a camera, with AI tools, with some combination, is also of
[24:30] course subject to our our community guidelines um around, you know, deceptive practices and all that sort of stuff as well. &gt;&gt; I wanted to make this really specific by putting this on a spectrum of of fully human to fully AI. And these these are videos that um you know, I've seen or I've made. So like this one is one that you know I spent hundreds of dollars editing uh my own camera, my own face, everything fully human. This one is one where I prompted the idea from AI, you know, um there's a lot of like tools out there like it gave me an idea, I started talking, you know, I prompted the
[25:00] script, tweaked it partially AI. This one is like I I just prompted a video about laboo which I know nothing about and and I deep fake. &gt;&gt; Now you're an expert. &gt;&gt; I honestly Neil I feel guilty about that video because because here's me talking about laboo &gt;&gt; and all these amazing graphics and and this cost a fraction of the price. We we use this tool called um Agent Opus from Opus Club. And then on the other side of the spectrum, this is from a channel that has over 1 million subscribers.
[25:30] This video has about 30 million subscribers. Um, there's no face. It's a ton of like content like on their channel that's very much like this AI kitten like kind of going about their day. I'm I'm just wondering like what's the difference in monetization discovery between these types of videos? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, what do you think the difference should be? &gt;&gt; I think it's it's it's a big question, but I think this one uses my name, image, and likeness. &gt;&gt; And there should be parameters where if it's deep faked by somebody else, and there should be a content ID that clamps down on that. Um,
[26:00] the topic I I I don't know. I I'm curious to hear your take. Um, &gt;&gt; but this one is the thing I feel really weird about. &gt;&gt; What do you think should be the case in that in in that last example? &gt;&gt; I don't I don't know. What do What do you think? &gt;&gt; Like what do you what do you think? That's a big question. You know, &gt;&gt; I think I think it is. Um uh I think that um you know the third one in your in your example there. I do think that at least in my view um that one is and
[26:30] obviously there's all kinds of context and sort of which channels and whose channel and who did that and what was labeled and you know all that sort of stuff really matters um to answer sort of definitively but I think in general &gt;&gt; the way that you described or used the content ID analogy applies um it's the reason why I have been very public about creators and you know I use the term creator here very broadly creators artists, musicians, etc. should be able to protect their likeness, their face,
[27:00] their voice um on YouTube. And I think that this is a place where YouTube um is not just um you know, a collection of words and statements. It's not just me saying that. We have a long track record here of living up to that principle and you described it. It's called content ID. And that of course exists in sort of the copyright realm, but I think a lot of those analogies carry forward into the AI world. You're right. If there's a video that basically looks and sounds
[27:30] like John, like that's saying stuff that is pulling your audience or, you know, &gt;&gt; tricking your audience or what have you, then there should be some action. And so, so I'm agreeing with sort of your your approach on that one. And what about studios that make this content that almost it's so easy for them and it's so hard for us human creators that it kind of takes away that digital real estate on YouTube. &gt;&gt; I think this is goes back to what I said is I don't think a piece of content should be penalized just because it was
[28:00] created with AI. There's going to be amazing content that is produced with AI and being short-sighted about it I think is not good for the creator ecosystem and it's not good for YouTube. So that that's the sort of the high level statement. Having said that, as you said, uh, and I, you know, I I don't know anything about this particular video or whether it's high quality or low quality or what have you, but understanding the problem as I described it, which is these tools might result in the production of amazing content, they
[28:30] will, but they might also result in the easy production of content that is generally um, you know, whatever clickbay or lowquality or what have you. then it's incumbent on YouTube to make sure that we address that on the platform so it doesn't become overrun with that type of content. And that's no different than um the way that I described how we dealt with challenges like clickbait, you know, years ago. &gt;&gt; A lot of creators also have questions about YouTube's new AI age verification
[29:00] tool where YouTube is using AI to estimate the age of a viewer and if it's less than 18 years old, they'll be restricted from watching certain videos on YouTube. And especially for creators who have younger audiences, I I've been talking to them. They're worried that their videos will get fewer views and they'll make less money from it. And beyond that, it may set a precedent for privacy because to correct this AI estimation, um if you are indeed above 18 years old, you have to give your credit card, your government ID, take a
[29:30] photo. Um so I'm wondering why is this happening now? And is there truth to those concerns from these creators? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, thank you for asking uh giving me a chance to to respond to that. I mean, I just kind of first taking a step back. I mean, a lot of this comes from conversations that we have with parents and you know, obviously stakeholders in government and regulators and what have you uh about concerns around young people and of course as you all know there's young people on our platform. We
[30:00] have for particularly young kids, we have YouTube kids, of course, um but we have, you know, things like supervised experiences on on YouTube. And so young people are on on YouTube and we want to make sure that that is a safe experience for them, an experience that um you know, I'm a parent, I've got three kids, uh that um I as a parent can be comfortable with. And so that's the that's the kind of strategic rationale behind age assurance. And this is a this is a concept of course that is not new. It's been in place in other parts of the
[30:30] world for some time now. I think that was something that maybe got lost in a little bit of the discourse. So, for example, uh it's been a mechanism that's been in place in Europe for I think three, four, maybe even longer uh years now. Um and so we have some experience with it because it was mandated. Um and you know there's obviously lots of uh government chatter around that type of concept here in the US. And so that's the that's the backdrop. Um, in terms of how it works, I think it's really as the way you described, which is, um, despite
[31:00] what that user might have said during the sign up for their, you know, YouTube account, um, it might be that, um, uh, a combination of signals are saying that it's actually a user that's under 18. And when that's the case, we want to make sure that that's an appropriate um uh experience for that user, including all these features and functionality, you know, take a break, well-being, reminders, etc., take a break, etc., work in a way that they are designed to
[31:30] work for users under 18. That's the motivation. And I think that that's um that's that that's sort of the context for it in terms of the actual implementation and sort of the impact and and what have you. Um it's still sort of very very early days. My experience is it's going to lead ultimately to a better experience for users and therefore in the long run uh for creators. Um if there is a mclassification um then there is sort of an escape valve
[32:00] as you described through whatever government ID or whatever sort of you know selfie uh mechanism there is that is based on a set of technologies that are I think some of the most robust and sort of privacy safe in the world sort of built with kind of Google technology. Uh and of course you know if you don't want to do use those and you don't have to you can still use YouTube obviously in a logged out state etc. And so that's a little bit of of kind of the background on all of this, but I think the context of where it came from, it
[32:30] wasn't something that came out of the blue. It's a it's something that I think I I sort of um alluded to back in my annual letter back all the way in in February of this year. And so it's something that we uh I sort of pre-announced back then and it's something that we've been working very cautiously on with parents, with you know, other stakeholders, with our creator community for months now. and obviously um will have a gradual roll up on it. So it's something that we um uh don't just sort of pull out of thin air.
[33:00] It's something that uh I've considered very deeply. It's what our teams have considered through multiple you know product reviews, design reviews. um you know decision- making at YouTube just by definition is always you know a trade-off between multiple different types of things whether it's you know making sure that the creator ecosystem is healthy making sure that we're doing the right thing for users particularly young users and so all of that consideration and sort of thought and careful thought uh went into this feature I want to assure everybody of
[33:30] that um uh and and that's why we came to the conclusion that we did and that's why we're approaching it that the way uh that we're approaching it. Um because on balance, I think it's the right thing to do um for our ecosystem on YouTube. &gt;&gt; What about viewer? Like I have a 2-year-old now, so my YouTube is like filled with like Bluey and Miss Rachel or there's a lot of adults who watch Pokemon content. Is there a worry there that they'll be mclassified and then ultimately the creator will lose out on those views from people who are over 18?
[34:00] I think that that's why we have the escape file mechanisms that exist so it's very easy to verify your age um if you're mclassified for for sort of whatever reason there. Um rest assured that even the way that the algorithm works it's able to the algorithm uh in terms of making this uh determination gets more sophisticated and better over time. As I said, it's been something that um &gt;&gt; we wouldn't have rolled out if I didn't feel like it operated at an incredibly high level of precision.
[34:30] &gt;&gt; Um so that's that's sort of uh the way that we've approached it. The use cases that you're describing are obviously ones that we've sort of thought about and uh we wouldn't have done it if it would lead to kind of all kinds of mclassification left and right. &gt;&gt; Another thing is the way people are watching YouTube is completely changed. TV is becoming a bigger platform and so I want to tee up a question along those lines from Cleo Abram. &gt;&gt; Hey John. Hey Neil. It's been a wild
[35:00] couple years for YouTube and YouTube creators. YouTube is the most watched streaming platform on televisions and has been for the last two years. It's really exciting and I always love to imagine the optimistic future. So my question is imagine you're doing another interview in two years. What do you hope you're saying about YouTube as TV? Thanks. &gt;&gt; That's a super interesting question. Um the uh and what I would say first what
[35:30] I'd say to Cleo is um all this you know kind of momentum that you see out there and you know what you might you know observe in terms of the overall sort of streaming numbers on TV etc. YouTube's leadership position, you know, of a billion hours worth of, you know, watch time on on TVs and, you know, number one in streaming for the last two years, uh, and and on and on. Um, feels like an overnight success, but it's been many, many years in the making. I remember starting our first
[36:00] sort of very robust investments from a technology and product standpoint uh, on television screens um, years ago, even years before COVID. Everybody thinks that obviously there was a big inflection point during COVID and of course there was, but a lot of the kind of the the seeds were planted well before COVID in terms of um making it so that we had a YouTube experience that was sort of seamless across the hundreds if not thousands of different device types that they were out there in the living room. Making sure that we had a
[36:30] robust partnership and certification programs with the OEMs and manufacturers. making sure that we brought all the magic, the interactivity, the ease of use that you experience with YouTube on your phones and tried to translate that to television. And then finally, making it sure that that biggest screen in your home reflected sort of the quality of creators like Cleo and cinematic experiences, episodic experiences, etc. So, it's been an area that we've been investing in TVs for a very long time. in terms of two years from now um sort
[37:00] of connecting some of our conversations together. Uh I do think that AI will m will play a big role in terms of making that TV experience even more magical. Not in terms of creation necessarily. Obviously all of that that applies to TV but other areas as well. but on televisions in particular around things like uh voice and and and the like to make it so that um you can interact with your television screens in a very seamless way whether you're learning you know a new piece of you know whatever
[37:30] math or algebra what have you or watching your favorite creator. Um so that's one area that I'm very excited about. Uh I also think that the growth of um different types of uh of content, you know, one of the things that I've learned about television uh is that for young people in particular, YouTube is TV. And so they expect everything from, you know, 15 seconds short to 15minute VOD to 15 hour live stream all seamlessly within their television
[38:00] experience. And that's an area that we're uh going to continue to invest on. And so, um, two years from now, if you're asking me that question, that's really what I would say, uh, about television. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's really interesting to see where YouTube is going. And, uh, yeah, Neil, I just want to also close by saying thank you. I know these are some hard questions, but I think it's because creators care a lot and, uh, a lot of us like including myself like building our livelihood on this platform uh, to, you know, uh, feed our families and, uh, provide like, uh, entertainment for the
[38:30] masses. It just means the world to have an outlet like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Take the time. Oh, I mean, look, as I said, I mean, we're really inspired by your success, all of your peer creator success. Like, it is amazing to see uh all of these faces and all this content that I, as a fan, watch on a regular basis. And it's really a privilege to to get to lead lead the team that builds all of this amazing uh technology and products for all of you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Neil. Okay, so we covered a ton there and there's still a lot more
[39:00] that I would have loved to get into, but obviously we only have so much time with these things, but I want to break down some of the other big changes that are coming to YouTube after speaking more with Neil off camera along with many of the teams at YouTube to get you guys the full story and share some of the other updates that are going to be important for your channel. And to everyone who submitted questions, especially video questions from Casey Neistat that we couldn't get to, Jacqueline, and so many others, hopefully um some of these updates can help beyond what we discussed in the interview. So, another big update that's coming is called Ask Studio. So, think of this as your
[39:30] co-pilot inside YouTube Studio. So, you can ask it questions like, "Why did my video bomb?" or "Analyze the biggest dips in retention across my past videos and tell me what caused them." Like, literally that specific of a question you can ask it. And I was pleasantly surprised. It was really cool to see how detailed it got when answering my questions to the point where it even looked at the comments on my YouTube videos to see if there were any patterns to learn from for my next upload. So, interesting tool. Next is AI clipping for long form and live. Basically, you can now turn long form videos and live
[40:00] stream into shorts fast right on YouTube. So, YouTube's AI scans your content, finds the highlights, suggests the clips based on where you have the most retention, and boom, you have shorts immediately made for you. Okay. Next is autodubbing with lip reanimation, which we touched on briefly in the interview, but here's a few more details that are worth covering. Okay. Essentially, until recently, if your video was in Italian, let's say, that's all it was. Like, anybody who saw that video can only watch it in Italian. Then, YouTube launched multitrack audio, which means the same video in Italian can be dubbed and watched in any
[40:30] language, and all the views count towards the same video, which was huge. Soon, here's the crazy thing that's going to happen. YouTube is launching dubbing and lip reanimation. So, if you're watching a video in French, a creator's lips will move one way and then if you switch the language to Spanish, a creator's lips will move another way, so it looks more natural. Basically, dubs are getting way more realistic and way more affordable with AI, which will help unlock a ton of growth internationally, as Neil talked about. The next update is with the inspiration tab in YouTube Studio.
[41:00] Basically, it's getting revamped. So, you'll now have an expanded idea feed, a spark page where creators can save notes and ideas, a pitch page where creators can explore and assess an idea, content planning, and so much more. And I know, I know I've seen the videos from Corridor Crew and other creators, uh, asking about how good the ideas in the inspiration tab actually are. But it looks like they're improving, which is cool to see. So, basically, to break down, ask Studio, the tool we talked about before, is to understand your current videos from the past. And the inspiration tab is a new way to
[41:30] brainstorm your next videos for the future. Next is the collab tool. I know we talked about this in the interview, but there's a few more details that I thought it'd be worth sharing. So, first, you can collab with up to four people on one video. Next, the collabs will not show up on your guest channel page, only your channel. That's an important nuance. And as Neil says, the home channel, whoever starts the video, creates the video keeps the monetization for now. And personally, I think two things are about to happen with this. If you're a podcaster, the second you get access to the collab tool, go back
[42:00] through your entire catalog and send collab requests to any guests that you think would accept it. That's going to be huge. I've already started doing that and started seeing impact on this channel. Secondly, I think this is going to be an amazing way for creators who want to launch a second channel to give life to that channel by collabing it with their main channel. It's going to be much bigger. So, watch for that behavior. I think a lot more of that is going to happen. Next update is AB testing for titles where you can test different titles for your video until YouTube selects the best one based on watch time. So, I got early access to this and it's been a game changer
[42:30] because I love that I can now pair a specific title with a specific thumbnail visual. Whereas before, I can only test one title across a three thumbnails with the AB testing feature that was available there. Next, we got hype, which I want to go into more detail about since I think this will be a big deal, too. So hyping a video basically means upvoting it so it ultimately can go out in a leaderboard where even more people can discover your video. So anyone can hype a video and get three free hypes, three free votes per week as a viewer. But you can only hype videos that were posted in the past week and
[43:00] are from creators who have between 500 subscribers to 500,000 subscribers. So this should lead to more smaller creators breaking through. Next update is AI B-roll for audio podcast. Okay, so if you don't have a camera or you do audio only, YouTube will actually help you generate videos for your podcast using VO3. It'll analyze your transcript and create visuals that you could customize. Like watch this. All these videos are being generated from what YouTube is hearing from your audio only podcast. &gt;&gt; Parakeet trade really picked up in the
[43:30] 1960s. More than 60,000 parakeetses were imported to North America in just three years. &gt;&gt; And my take is will this be as good as video podcast? No. But is it better than those waveform u style visuals on on audio only podcast today? Yes. Next up is co-streaming or watch with. This basically enables anyone to give commentary on a live event. Like imagine your favorite sports creator giving live reactions to the big game. And my take is that this will lead to the rise of a new class of a news anchors or sports commentator creators especially as
[44:00] YouTube invests in more partnerships like the NFL. So yeah, there's a ton there. And if you have any questions about that, comment below and I'll try to respond or join our newsletter at created.news news where I reply to nearly every email that comes in. So, thank you again to Neil, Renee, Andrew, and everyone else at YouTube who made this happen.