# Inside MrBeast's "Billion Dollar" Movie (featuring Sticks)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmtK0Scg5GU
Date: 2025-09-09

[00:00] It's fun to like hijack a Mr. Beast video and turn it into a movie. &gt;&gt; This looks like if Mr. Beast and Severance had a baby. What's it like directing Jimmy? &gt;&gt; Directing Mr. Beast to be subtle. Like what? He's the most outlandish guy. &gt;&gt; Did you guys have any disagreements with Jimmy on the set? &gt;&gt; Hey, we're six and we're breaking down our biggest video ever that we made with Mr. Beast. &gt;&gt; We're going to show you all the little details, the behind the scenes, the VFX shots, &gt;&gt; the mistakes. This is one of our bigger VFX shots. We had to make him look like he was falling. So, we put him up on this conveyor belt. If we just shoot
[00:30] them in front of this gray pillar, we can change everything else. What did you guys do to make this look so cinematic? &gt;&gt; There's a film making technique that every YouTuber should know about. &gt;&gt; I like how you guys respect the rules of YouTube and then break them. &gt;&gt; This actually isn't Jimmy. That's a double. &gt;&gt; Get the camera. Shoot it right now. &gt;&gt; Shots fired. You're calling out Hershey's. I think &gt;&gt; this is the part that Mr. Beast was most afraid of us pulling off. [Music] Make sure you subscribe and ring the bell because we also have a 2hour
[01:00] interview coming up with Sticks and I think it's one of our best interviews yet. We get into their crazy journey as YouTubers, how they ended up making videos with Mark Robber, Ryan Trean, and now Mr. Beast and so much more. And if you're already subscribed, then go to ytackpack.com to get our free YouTube hackpack with all our best tips, tools, and templates to grow on YouTube today. From our intro and thumbnail templates to our 100 viral ideas for any niche, we constantly update our hack pack as we interview more creators so you have their latest and greatest for free. All right, now
[01:30] back to the video. All right, guys. I'm so excited. What are we about to break down? &gt;&gt; So, this is the movie we made for Mr. Beast's brand new Festival's Chocolate Milk. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is your biggest production yet. &gt;&gt; Our biggest production yet. So, let's jump into the BTS. You can ask us anything. &gt;&gt; Amazing. Let's go. This is a $1 billion chocolate factory. The most expensive chocolate factory in the world. And I was invited for an exclusive tour of the inside of it. So, as a peace offering, I brought an unreleased piece to product. Let's go check it out. &gt;&gt; Jimmy, how do we get in? I thought you talked to a guy.
[02:00] &gt;&gt; I did talk to a guy. Door's not opening. &gt;&gt; Let me in. &gt;&gt; Bang on the bang on the door. &gt;&gt; I did. &gt;&gt; Okay, so this actually doesn't look like a movie just yet. We wanted to start this out looking identical to a Mr. Beast video. &gt;&gt; And if we did our job right, then you would have been tricked by the Mr. Beast 2 channel. you clicked on for a1 billion dollar chocolate factory tour and it turned into this epic movie. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I like how you guys respect the rules of YouTube but then break them um like you did with Ryan Trey's Joy Ride movie. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean &gt;&gt; like starting out in his room but it's
[02:30] really a set. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; It's fun to like hijack a Mr. Beastman video and turn it into a movie. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Is anyone here? Uh, the first thing to notice is this actually isn't Jimmy. That's a a double that we searched really hard. &gt;&gt; We've gotten pretty good at getting double gangers for creators. &gt;&gt; So, we found this guy who's 6'5 and
[03:00] &gt;&gt; and looks like Jimmy from behind. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; We actually got a haircut from Jimmy's barber to make sure he looks exactly like Jimmy. Wow. &gt;&gt; Jimmy's so spread thin along like across so many shoots. So, we didn't have much of Jimmy's time to work with, so we thought this would be a great way to maximize the shoot. &gt;&gt; And just so people know, like now we're like switching to look at a behind-the-scenes shot that that you guys are sharing with us, like not many people have seen. So, this is not Jimmy here. What did you guys replace this tennis ball with again? &gt;&gt; It helps create a 3D space so you can recreate the room and it looks like the
[03:30] dimensions are accurate. &gt;&gt; Huh. It starts out here as a perspective trick &gt;&gt; and then as we zoom out, you see that it was all just a scam, an illusion. Wow. &gt;&gt; Now you're realizing real time with Jimmy. This is &gt;&gt; This place is fake. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What is going on here? &gt;&gt; Okay, so we put the blue screen just so we see Jimmy alone. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; but we had to make him look like he was falling. So we put him up on this conveyor belt &gt;&gt; and had him like flailing his hands. We
[04:00] also had someone in the background like flapping his shirt and his hair so it looks like the wind. We did a dolly pull out. &gt;&gt; So the camera's on on a rails and we dollied out so it looks like he's falling away from camera. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So hopefully with all these effects it'll look like he's actually falling through a trap door. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; That's That's not Jimmy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which is crazy. Looks like &gt;&gt; Yeah. And he deliberately kind of shows &gt;&gt; he said if you're going to look anyway
[04:30] look away from the camera. &gt;&gt; Jimmy's getting up. Okay. Now it's Jimmy. &gt;&gt; That's the real Jimmy. &gt;&gt; Wait, so tell me about this set because this looks like if like Mr. Beast and Severance had a baby. &gt;&gt; This would be this video like like what is going on here? It looks very bland and and small. Tell me about how you designed this. &gt;&gt; This was the perfect room. It was a tiny cube in one of Jimmy's studios. And so we painted the walls. It used to be
[05:00] green. We got new carpet and we brought in these specific chairs to give you this very weird feeling like he's in some spooky waiting room and he has no clue where he is. So I think it gives you like that very &gt;&gt; off-kilter feel. &gt;&gt; Yeah.
[05:30] Now, this looks like a crazy setup or a crazy room, but really this is like two flat walls &gt;&gt; with pipes built into them. &gt;&gt; And it's not actually a whole pipe room. &gt;&gt; So, we just shot it from this profile angle. We built these pipe walls that could kind of shift into any configuration we wanted. So, we can create any set that we need. &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. &gt;&gt; So, that helped. Like this scene, for example, we can just put these pipe walls behind him and create like this hallway without having to Yeah, it made it very versatile. So like we could
[06:00] create different spaces with within this one room. &gt;&gt; Oh, these are just like sections that you can move around. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're on wheels. &gt;&gt; On wheels. Oh, wow. So anytime you need to show the warehouse &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; you had a background. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Scanning. &gt;&gt; Access denied. &gt;&gt; Wait, you're calling out Hershey's? Oh, we didn't say that. &gt;&gt; I said it. Not not them. But I think that
[06:30] &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; it's representative of big chocolate, the big chocolate industry. &gt;&gt; But um yes. So Jimmy sees this chocolate and what do you think Mr. Beast would do? Would he eat chocolate? &gt;&gt; Oh, he's seen it. &gt;&gt; Or he eat the feastables? &gt;&gt; Feastables. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Every day of the week. &gt;&gt; That was a fun shot. Like tilting down, tilting back up. &gt;&gt; Uniform detected. Open mouth. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; Chocolate consumed. Access granted.
[07:00] &gt;&gt; Uh, I mean, this is just a crazy production. How much did this cost to make? &gt;&gt; This is like a 200k production. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; So, a lot of resources went to making this look so good on camera. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And we wanted to make sure it felt like that as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like everything was a set you guys created from scratch. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. help from the beast team. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we actually got to work with the beast team. &gt;&gt; So, they Jimmy gave us his awesome builders and then we designed it all and
[07:30] it was like a fun collaboration with them building it all. &gt;&gt; It's crazy how fast they work and like how how much they're able to help with like these last minute builds. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And how long did it take? Like I saw you guys put together story boards for a lot of the scenes like script. Like how long did it take to put together? It was probably like a few weeks of planning and scripting and then within like two weeks we went from like uh nothing to the whole set built &gt;&gt; and then we're on set shoot. &gt;&gt; So about a month total. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh hello.
[08:00] &gt;&gt; Can you spot the cameo from the Sticks Boys? &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; is that you guys? &gt;&gt; We were like we were thinking this shot looks a bit empty. It needs something in the middle. So we we put on the costumes ourselves and got into place and like get our own cameo. That's perfect. &gt;&gt; That's actually interesting. How much stuff changes from your storyboards and your script to the actual production like like little stuff like that? Is that is that out of the ordinary or you guys are very by the book? &gt;&gt; We're pretty like locked in on what the vision is. So like we try and stick to
[08:30] the vision like the story boards and the script. &gt;&gt; But it's always fun like this. Like maybe like 20% of the time we like you know get spontaneous and put something into the shot. come up with a brand new shot. &gt;&gt; But we've we've found that when we don't come prepared with a shot list, like from from the beginning of the script to the end, &gt;&gt; it can get so messy on on set. There's so many moving pieces and details we need to nail. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And we'll show some of your story boards. I I was really impressed just seeing them before and now seeing the after. It's &gt;&gt; I mean, Lucas draws all of them. He was
[09:00] It's pretty impressive. &gt;&gt; That's incredible. &gt;&gt; Uh I was told by some guy I'd be getting a tour. [Music] Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey. All right. Uh, excuse me. Hey, I need Hey, I need my briefcase. Let go of me. Why would you even need that? [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, got it. Oh, no.
[09:30] &gt;&gt; There's no other way in. Jimmy's toast. &gt;&gt; Uh, should we go get help? We're not doing anything until we get further instruction from Jimmy. &gt;&gt; Oh, how loyal. I see what you're trying to do. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; You're hoping Jimmy's dead. &gt;&gt; What a horrible thing to say. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's definitely dead. &gt;&gt; Why would I be hoping that? &gt;&gt; I mean, we're all thinking the same thing. The question is, how do we settle this like responsible adults? &gt;&gt; Settle what? &gt;&gt; Who gets Jimmy's channel? &gt;&gt; Oh, that's good. &gt;&gt; I mean, we could one v one for it.
[10:00] &gt;&gt; Just don't tell Carlo. &gt;&gt; So, um, this massive chocolate factory we actually shot in front of another building. Wait, can we like Let's put that on screen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, yeah. So, wow. This looks very different. &gt;&gt; Yes. This is not a chocolate factory. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But we thought if we just shoot them in front of this gray pillar, we can change everything else pretty easy. &gt;&gt; Got it. Wow. Movie magic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And the boys The boys did really good, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Their acting was &gt;&gt; They always bring good levity to it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The CEO would like to have a word.
[10:30] &gt;&gt; All right. Chill. Chill. Chill. Okay. All right. What? &gt;&gt; Hello, Mr. Donaldson. We hope you enjoyed your complimentary chocolate on arrival. Uh, &gt;&gt; are you the guy that I spoke to? &gt;&gt; Yes, I'm the guy. Oh, &gt;&gt; I I think there's a misunderstanding. I was supposed to be, you know, getting a tour. &gt;&gt; There is no misunderstanding, Jimmy. We are well aware of what you've been doing. You've become in recent years quite the chocolier. But the truth is, you have a lot to learn. Our company has been in the
[11:00] chocolate business for nearly 200 years. We have certain standards, certain &gt;&gt; Wow. Shots fired. Like, if it wasn't clear who is like big chocolate and who's the big bad in this commercial, it's becoming obvious. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. &gt;&gt; Was this part of the set design to make them feel archaic. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. We wanted to have like a speaker that felt like it was stuck in the past &gt;&gt; that didn't have a real face to it. &gt;&gt; So, we thought of this like gramophone type horn
[11:30] &gt;&gt; as the CEO. Very severance inspired as well. Yeah. &gt;&gt; If you want to make chocolate, Jimmy, I'd advise you get back in line and stop messing with the way it's always been. &gt;&gt; I didn't mean to disrupt the work line. &gt;&gt; Oh, Jimmy, I'm not talking about the work line. Have a lovely day. &gt;&gt; This is when we got shocked like, oh my gosh, he got he could actually do some acting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that was a really good take from Jimmy. I'm wondering like were these all the first takes? Did you have to give him some coaching? Like like do you have like an earlier take?
[12:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah, we can show you the first take. Oh, really? Okay. &gt;&gt; I think there's been a misunderstanding. I was supposed to be getting a tour. &gt;&gt; Oh, I I think there's a misunderstanding. I was supposed to be, you know, getting a tour. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. How did you get him from that to what we saw in the final? &gt;&gt; So, the biggest difference, especially coming from YouTube and being Jimmy, is he needs to be loud and big and very expressionate. &gt;&gt; In film, &gt;&gt; it's actually more powerful if you like tone it down &gt;&gt; more subtle. And so then when he did it again, it just looks so real, like he
[12:30] was actually in the situation. &gt;&gt; I think what helped was we told him like the lines are there as like a guide, but if it feels more natural to like phrase something a different way, go for it. &gt;&gt; And so we gave him that liberty to like speak how he would speak and that helped him get into the character a bit more. &gt;&gt; That's such a good note. Yeah. I find there's like different performances, one to YouTube, two to film, which is very subtle. And then even like looking at Broadway or theater performers, it's much it's even bigger than YouTube. So &gt;&gt; But it's so funny like like directing Mr. the beast to be subtle like what like he's the most outlandish guy you know so
[13:00] &gt;&gt; yeah but he did it really well &gt;&gt; yeah I mean to like give notes to the biggest creator in the world was that intimidating &gt;&gt; a little &gt;&gt; in theory in theory was very intimidating thinking about directing him was just &gt;&gt; yeah leading up leading up to it like I can't believe we're going to direct Jimmy but then on set it was actually pretty good &gt;&gt; this was actually the first scene we shot with Jimmy in chronological order so this once we got this in the can we were like oh we got this he's going to he's going to crush this &gt;&gt; oh interesting Yeah, you you had guys had a shot list that was out of order. &gt;&gt; Yes. 100%. Completely out of order.
[13:30] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just to maximize your time there. Wow. &gt;&gt; So pressure was on. So you got this and then you're like we're off to the races. That's right. &gt;&gt; Were there any moments of tension? Like did you guys have any disagreements with Jimmy on set? &gt;&gt; He's not used to like cinematic lighting. &gt;&gt; So like he's looking at the shots with us and like kind of confused why we're lighting in a certain way. It's like where's the key light? It's like we like we need this look cinematic. J needs to like be back lit so that you know. &gt;&gt; One time he was like why is there so many different colors on my face? like &gt;&gt; color contrast. &gt;&gt; It's It's important. &gt;&gt; Cinema. &gt;&gt; Yeah, cinema. We'll get right back to
[14:00] the breakdown, but first I've got to say a huge thank you to the entire Festivals team for sending us some of their first bottles of their Festival's chocolate milk and for sponsoring this video. I've actually been drinking them while we've been editing this video. And I love that it's GradeA whole milk, real dairy, packed with 13 grams of protein, and a good source of calcium, potassium, and vitamins's A and D. But here's the thing that I love most. It's all made with fair trade cocoa. It's something that Jimmy has been talking about for a while. So, it's cool to see him and the team pull off a product that's ethically sourced that farmers get paid a living
[14:30] income reference price and it supports their mission to end child labor in the chocolate industry. So, go out and support and grab Festival's chocolate milk right now at Walmart, 7-Eleven, Speedway locations nationwide. Just look for the single bottles or the six-pack. Again, huge thank you to Jimmy and the Festivals team for supporting this video. And now, let's get back to the breakdown. [Music]
[15:00] It's so funny watching your stuff because here I'm seeing the product and I'm reminded it's a commercial but everything else about this feels like a movie. Like was there extra pressure on this shot to get it right? &gt;&gt; Well, really? Yeah. This is the first time anyone in the world is seeing this product. M. &gt;&gt; So, it took a lot longer than it looks. &gt;&gt; We wanted to feel like the bottle was glowing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The lighting, the positioning of the hand, making sure you could see the bottle at a good angle. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All super important.
[15:30] &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; John, that's our favorite shot from the film. &gt;&gt; I love it. Yeah, you guys. I feel like that's kind of a signature, the parallax that you guys do. &gt;&gt; I mean, also severance inspired. They stole it from Jaws. &gt;&gt; There's nothing new under the sun. Yeah, but recreating it for YouTube is it's super interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely.
[16:00] &gt;&gt; Who are you? Shh. I'm going to get you out of here. Why are you helping me? &gt;&gt; Oh, my briefcase. Thank you. &gt;&gt; These are more of the walls. &gt;&gt; Yeah. How cool is the set? &gt;&gt; That's awesome. So, we just wheeled those in, positioned the pipes how he liked it, and some haze, and it looks like a whole &gt;&gt; Like, this is this is a bare place that he uses for a lot of his YouTube vision. You've turned in this is like cinematic like hallway. Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. &gt;&gt; I tried your chocolate milk. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Was it good?
[16:30] &gt;&gt; What's going on? I remembered something. My dad was a truck driver. In the summer, I'd ride along on his work route with him. This factory was one of his stops. He'd load all of the chocolate ingredients through this door right here. And keys always left right here. &gt;&gt; And you only remember this now? &gt;&gt; I don't think I'm the only worker with memory problems. Come on, let's get out of here. &gt;&gt; But what about them?
[17:00] We can't leave them behind. Is there any way I can make a call? Surely there's a phone somewhere in here. We need a distraction. &gt;&gt; Everybody, this is a mystery briefcase. &gt;&gt; That's not Jimmy. &gt;&gt; This is not. This is again a back of the head shot. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's amazing. And &gt;&gt; inside this briefcase could be a $100,000. The keys to a Lamborghini or a beverage
[17:30] that gives you back all your childhood memories. And whoever takes their hand off of it last keeps what's inside. Good luck. &gt;&gt; These are interesting little nods to obviously who Jimmy is in his channel. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like in fact, he seems most natural here. &gt;&gt; This is where he just got up and he did his thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He definitely improved some lines here as well, but it just made sense to like let Mr. Beast be Mr. Beast as a character as well and not like try and make him someone else that he's not. &gt;&gt; What is all this commotion? Who is
[18:00] responsible for this? This looks like a nod to Beast Games. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's actually the redact. That's one of the red ferns from Beast Games. &gt;&gt; Imagine the red telephone was in a movie and you could call and ask for whatever you wanted and like we're turning that into like a a plot point here. There's a film making technique that every YouTuber should know about. It's called Sheekchov's gun. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, that's like in a movie, if you set something up, you need to pay it off. So, for example, if you do a
[18:30] closeup of a gun on a wall early in the movie, then that better be the gun that kills the bad guy at the end. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; So, in the CEO scene at the beginning, you can see the red telephone in the background, &gt;&gt; but you didn't realize it's going to be a key player at the end of the film. &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, that was something we're thinking about like every every single part of the story should be there for a reason. And the more you lean into that, even as a YouTuber, &gt;&gt; um, I think the audience will really feel the intention behind every single frame.
[19:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. And maybe get a double watch, &gt;&gt; you know, go back. &gt;&gt; I got to double check it. It's true. &gt;&gt; Winner keeps the channel. &gt;&gt; Why does this look so much better than when you see it like filmed for YouTube? Like like it just there's something about I can't Is there like a haze in the sky? Like what did you guys do to make this look so cinematic? The first thing is haze because then that makes the light kind of travel, but it's also the direction we're shooting. We make sure it's like back lit and then we have
[19:30] our own lights accentuating that um so that it feels like quite cinematic when it's got back light. &gt;&gt; And you can see what the haze is doing to the light here where it just kind of like &gt;&gt; fades the highlights into the rest of the scene a little bit more. And then on top of that, I guess the camera and lenses we're using also give us that effect. &gt;&gt; What did you guys shoot with? &gt;&gt; For this we shot with an RE Mini. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. And we had anamorphic lenses. &gt;&gt; So that's really the thing that makes it look like a movie. &gt;&gt; How much do those cameras cost? &gt;&gt; They could be like around 40k or plus. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. With all of the lenses and
[20:00] everything. It's a expensive kit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um hello guys. I need you to do exactly what I say. Okay. &gt;&gt; Wait. Who is this? &gt;&gt; Friendly Jimmy. &gt;&gt; Can you prove that? &gt;&gt; Is this Nolan? &gt;&gt; Jimmy told me to say hi to your mom. &gt;&gt; Okay. What do you need us to do? &gt;&gt; Who's going to win? Oh, you're out. Nope. You took your head off. Get out of here. &gt;&gt; Everybody, please settle down and return to your station.
[20:30] &gt;&gt; This guy just discovered that Jimmy never had &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; the old chocolate brand. &gt;&gt; Um, these are some interesting like actors like you picked like do you like what's the casting process like for a Sticks commercial? We on this one we had someone dedicated to casting. Oh wow. So they were finding a bunch of actors and extras and they would show us different options and we would pick based on like their show reel and then we'd ask them to do an audition.
[21:00] &gt;&gt; So it was quite a bit of a process cuz we wanted to make sure we had like the perfect people for each role. &gt;&gt; Oh, you took your head off your &gt;&gt; Oh, it looks like somebody didn't finish their chocolate. Sound the alarm. Oh god. Okay, &gt;&gt; I guess Jimmy's still alive. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll put circle back on who gets the channel. &gt;&gt; Then we have this private jet that we were able to swing for this shoot and just up the production value by so much. &gt;&gt; This is an actual private jet.
[21:30] &gt;&gt; So, it looks like they're flying here, but but can I see a BTS of this shot? Like, &gt;&gt; obviously, we didn't rig a camera to a flying plane. &gt;&gt; Maybe next time. &gt;&gt; But they're on the ground and we have this blue screen behind them to make sure we can mask in the sky. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Look at that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we just needed to mask around the middle window and then the rest gets cut off by the VFX artist. &gt;&gt; They add some clouds and some sound effects and they get out like they remove the camera and the reflection. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And all of this is gone obviously. That's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah.
[22:00] &gt;&gt; Resistance is futile. Jimmy, you might as well just stop fighting and we can all get back to work. &gt;&gt; I I'm not eating the chocolate. Look at that scene. &gt;&gt; This is one of my favorite shots. &gt;&gt; This is the nicest composition. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Also, this is one of those scenes where Jimmy just we let him loose and he just improvised. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he he &gt;&gt; spat on the &gt;&gt; So, let's just watch it. &gt;&gt; No. Get that away from me. &gt;&gt; Eat it.
[22:30] &gt;&gt; Like him spitting him spitting on the hand. Just improvised. &gt;&gt; Completely improvised. That was not in the script, but it was hilarious. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The fact that we put Jimmy in this situation where he's being forcefed this other chocolate tied up. I mean, it's just stunning. Like the the the the people all around, the angle of the camera, the lights, and then the rope here. I mean, I I mean, &gt;&gt; awesome. &gt;&gt; I don't want it. I'm not eating it. Stop. No. &gt;&gt; Drop the load. &gt;&gt; I can't see the target. &gt;&gt; Chandler, we're running out of time. Drop the load. &gt;&gt; Hold. &gt;&gt; Eat the chocolate.
[23:00] &gt;&gt; Eat. &gt;&gt; Eat it, Mr. Donaldson. Eat the chocolate, Jimmy. Now. This was the part that Mr. Beast was most afraid of us pulling off. He said when we showed him the pitch deck, we he was like, "I don't know how you're going to get a crate to fall through the roof, but I trust you guys." And so we built this real crate here and loaded it with
[23:30] Feastable's chocolate milk as &gt;&gt; I was like there's like 500 bowls that they gave us. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; And this is the hero of the movie. Really? And so, &gt;&gt; so you built Wait, so we're looking at this is real. &gt;&gt; This is real. That's not &gt;&gt; VF. This is real. &gt;&gt; That's a real wall behind. We've added a few more bottles, but most of those bottles falling are practical. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; And then we added some rubble around the sides to make it really to sell that it fell through the roof. The lighting changed &gt;&gt; and the CEO's right there &gt;&gt; squished. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Wow. Look at that. Yeah.
[24:00] &gt;&gt; But everything before was VFX. &gt;&gt; Yes. So falling from the plane Yeah. &gt;&gt; through the building. Both those shots were VFX. H how much those VFX shots cost? Like are you working with traditional Hollywood folks? Like like how are you making that happen? &gt;&gt; We are working with like artists that are similar to us like who are doing really cool things with like film and YouTube and and they're just really talented at VFX. &gt;&gt; And it's crazy what you can pull off with like not much resources. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; On this kind of thing like in today's day and age. &gt;&gt; If you had to give a pie chart like what percent of your budget goes to VFX?
[24:30] Rough. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I would say like 20%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Wow. And what about set design? &gt;&gt; That's probably more like 40 to 50. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the most expensive. &gt;&gt; What are the other big costs? &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; the crew, like just paying for all the crew to be there on four days. &gt;&gt; How many people? &gt;&gt; We had around 12 crew and then 30 extras. &gt;&gt; Wow. Huge production. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh my god.
[25:00] Is there ever tension between you and the brand about how much you show the product? &gt;&gt; We uh &gt;&gt; because now it's getting pretty heavy product placement which is obviously important to you know the brand. They're hiring you for a reason. They want to get this new product line out there. But as storytellers, filmmakers, like how do you walk that line? &gt;&gt; Yeah, this was the festivals didn't ask us to do anything. &gt;&gt; So this was just purely us. We knew that
[25:30] we'd make a better commercial for them if we baked it into the story that the festival's bottle is the hero &gt;&gt; then it's &gt;&gt; and then we aren't trying to like oh I don't want to I don't want to add it in artificially. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then &gt;&gt; the tension gets less like we actually wanted to see them drinking &gt;&gt; it. Like you can't remove you can't have this story without the festivals bottle cuz it's &gt;&gt; so built into the story. it. I think like product placement feels really cheap and cheesy when it's just so unneeded and if you take it out, the
[26:00] story still makes sense. Yeah. But when it's this baked into the story, we're so excited to show the product because it's part of the story that we wrote. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Basically the opposite of that Pepsi and Kendall Jennerad. &gt;&gt; Oh, [Music] &gt;&gt; all right. Co smash. Did you only have one shot to smash? &gt;&gt; Yes. Let's see cuz like it'd be hard to find that somewhere else, right? &gt;&gt; We did that at the very end of the shoot. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; You're free. Congrats. Now, obviously,
[26:30] even though this is a movie, also this shot is a big V effect shot, too. I'll show you before and after. So, &gt;&gt; they weren't actually on a rooftop. &gt;&gt; They weren't actually on a rooftop. &gt;&gt; Surprise. Okay. &gt;&gt; This is like a little 8 by8 platform that they were climbing through a hole and then we've redone all of everything around it. &gt;&gt; So, that hole is actually just a semicircle. We made a set extension to make it look like a bigger hole behind them. &gt;&gt; Loaded with protein and vitamins and honestly tastes better than any chocolate milk I had as a kid. But you might have noticed the workers in the movie lost all their childhood memories.
[27:00] Sadly, that's not just a movie plot. Today, 45% of children living in cacao growing households in West Africa are involved in illegal child labor, meaning they're not growing up with the childhood memories they deserve. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I love how you bring it back to like basically a call to action. Yeah. Right. At the end, you did that with Ryan Traan and Joy Ride. take me through how you thought about wrapping this up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; obviously this is promoting a product, but when you see how much effort was put into the movie side of it, you're you're way more willing to sit through the call to action and go buy the product when
[27:30] you you feel the effort that the creator went through to make it happen. &gt;&gt; A couple things we did to keep retention is the story isn't over yet until you get to the end of the call to action. &gt;&gt; So, you want to see the workers escape. So, Jimmy's helping them escape while he's giving the call to action. And then at the end, our second main character, Jeff, comes out and tries the drink. And then we end. &gt;&gt; It's like a dual story until the end. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. &gt;&gt; Any other Easter eggs or stories from shooting? Like &gt;&gt; I mean, in many ways, it's like a try out for your Mr. Beast movie. Hopefully
[28:00] we coming out soon. Like any other stories from like what seems like one of the most expensive productions that you guys have ever done and and it's one of the most expensive shoots for a commercial for a YouTuber ever. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I think just the biggest thing for us was how busy Jimmy is. Like at the the scale he's working at, he was doing four other videos the same week and we had him for only like a couple hours a day. &gt;&gt; So there was one time on set where &gt;&gt; he he had to leave in 15 minutes and we had like &gt;&gt; like 20 more shots to do.
[28:30] &gt;&gt; So we were just scrambling. Wow. &gt;&gt; But we got it all done. And &gt;&gt; Jimmy was super helpful to make sure we got it all done as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; he always is. Yeah. But I think coming prepared is something that we're just like we have to do that every time because if we're not prepared on set, especially with people like Jimmy, um you're wasting that time. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So like we had to come prepared with the shot list, the storyboard, um the whole schedule and &gt;&gt; all the lights set up, the prop set up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And as creators, we really need to know our story back to front so that we're not wasting anyone's time.
[29:00] &gt;&gt; Especially when you're shooting it out of order. That's right. Chronologically, like like you're trying to meet his schedule, not the story line. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Until you get in that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cool. Well, thank you guys for breaking it down and uh yeah, this is amazing to see and I know this is just the beginning and there's bigger stuff coming