# Danny Duncan Roasts New YouTubers
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LI67YN4dTo
Date: 2025-08-17

[00:00] What's up, guys? I'm Danny Duncan. &gt;&gt; We actually flew in a bunch of creators and then Danny and I are going to roast their videos to see how we can make it better. How many subscribers do you have? &gt;&gt; 110,000 &gt;&gt; 27,000 &gt;&gt; 15,000. &gt;&gt; Danny, how many subscribers do you have, Dad? &gt;&gt; 8 million. &gt;&gt; Danny's one of the most unfiltered people I've ever met. &gt;&gt; That idiot in the background should not be there. If you don't adapt and elevate, your shit's going to die. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh my god. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Jesus, dude. Calm down. &gt;&gt; That would cause a massive dip in retention. Redesign your thumbnail. Simplify it. Oh wow. &gt;&gt; He's like Gordon Ramsay of videos.
[00:30] &gt;&gt; My BS detector is on high alert right now. &gt;&gt; I think it looks unprofessional and stupid. &gt;&gt; You want to sneak into the White House? &gt;&gt; You don't think that's funny? Look at my channel. I do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't want to do all the time. This is a way deeper conversation. If you sent me this video and you're like, I want to work for you. I'd probably hire you on the spot. The content now on YouTube, there are so many shitty creators. It's like actually pathetic. &gt;&gt; Danny, if you want to call out somebody right now, [Music] So, this is actually part one of a
[01:00] two-part series we did with Danny Duncan where we first roast other YouTubers before the next video where Danny breaks down one of his own videos. So, make sure you subscribe and ring the bell so you don't miss that one in addition to some big interviews, studio tours, and behind the scenes that we have coming up. All right, let's get to it. Alex, how many subscribers do you have? &gt;&gt; 15,000. &gt;&gt; What video is this? &gt;&gt; This is me sneaking into an NHL game using fake media passes. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Sorry, Mom. Behind me is the last NHL game of the season. Inside there's security, police, celebrities, and I'm going to try to sneak in as fake media
[01:30] because front row tickets are expensive and I can't afford them. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Oh my god. Um &gt;&gt; Oh no, dude. You upset him, dude. You upset him. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; And let me ask you a question. If this got like over a million views, would you be motivated to sneak into more events? &gt;&gt; Yes, but the events would but the events would have to be more novel. &gt;&gt; Wait, but why is that bad though? If I real &gt;&gt; Why is that bad to like real quick sneak into events like like that that you shouldn't be in and like you know potentially jail? &gt;&gt; Oh, you're you're speaking like legally
[02:00] and and morally like it's incorrect. &gt;&gt; I thought we're talking &gt;&gt; Yeah, I thought we're talking about just reviews over here. Yes, you're right. I shouldn't do this and I will never sneak it again. &gt;&gt; Watch my channel. I've done like it's just like a 10 years of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Yeah, but brands like stuff like this. &gt;&gt; But this is a way deeper con this is a way deeper conversation. You got some people that grow up with no parents. They have no money. They're homeless. They're just trying to stand out and do anything they can to to to get views. &gt;&gt; I know. But in that case, I would have done something like Ryan Trader and like trading a dollar up and more and more to
[02:30] try to get to a game. Like you're delivering. &gt;&gt; Like when I started, I have nothing. So I'm like, I don't care. I will do anything to succeed. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. I'm just setting this up. Like imagine success. &gt;&gt; So I just got in contact with one of the top sports videographers in my city. I have to blur his face and everything and he's basically going to give me a full rundown on how to sneak into the Flames game without getting caught. My BS detector is on high alert right now. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; Because you DM'd a person who has a media pass &gt;&gt; who now is going to help you get in and
[03:00] potentially lose their job. I'm just not buying that. &gt;&gt; Is that what happened? Or is this like did you shoot this afterwards and act it out? &gt;&gt; There's so much I can't say, but no, this is not acted out. &gt;&gt; At least then I would have acknowledged the elephant in the room. Like I always think like in your intro like I think about this like format of like you got to make your intros rainy which is like you got to tease the result which you did. We're going to try to get in. You got to a address the objection. I don't think you address the objection just with a little bit of a line of like and this guy even though he would have risked his own job was helping me get in
[03:30] cuz I don't understand what his motive is to help you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't understand why he would do that either in hindsight. &gt;&gt; I always think in your videos like think about like what the viewers are calling BS on and address it before they have a chance to think about it. &gt;&gt; Okay. First order of business, how do I sneak into a Flames game? &gt;&gt; Do you have a media pass? &gt;&gt; I do not have a media pass. &gt;&gt; First thing, what you're going to do is try and get that media pass if you know someone. Yeah, I was proud of that. Like a better alternative, &gt;&gt; which I do not. So &gt;&gt; this whole thing, dude, like subconsciously like it just makes it
[04:00] feel like danger zone. &gt;&gt; Good. Good. That was the intention. I wanted multiple cameras, you know, like the droning music. You have the ticking in the background. I really want to elevate this. Like this is a heist. This is my big, you know, you know, heist I'm trying to pull off. So yeah. say you could probably do it. I know it stayed consistent for a little bit. &gt;&gt; We discussed the rest of the steps, which I'll get to later, but the first thing I had to do was recreate Flames media passes that looked identical. &gt;&gt; I just found a guy who did media for the Flames and posted his entire media pass on Instagram. So, all I had to do was just take that image, put into Photoshop, and recreate it.
[04:30] &gt;&gt; Oh my god, dude. Do you I mean, maybe I'm just like a dad now. Like, &gt;&gt; you're getting old, dude. &gt;&gt; No, but like, dude, just imagine success. Plan that you're going to be successful like down the road. Do you want to be the YouTuber that like photoshopped a media pass &gt;&gt; before I enter the arena? So, right before the actual heist begins, I stay I actually did buy tickets for legal purposes. &gt;&gt; Dude, where was that in the beginning of the video? &gt;&gt; Why would I put that? &gt;&gt; That decreases all the stakes. Now people are going like, "Oh, why should I care? You already &gt;&gt; know." But als Yeah, I agree. I agree with that. And also, the people watching this aren't going to be like you like why the dude.
[05:00] &gt;&gt; Well, no. I'm thinking about him success as a creator long term, you know? Like, just think about &gt;&gt; Look at my channel, dude. It is filled with just guar. Like, dude, I did so many illegal things and filmed it and documented it and posted it. &gt;&gt; I know. I know. &gt;&gt; For for 11 years, &gt;&gt; but Eric's most recent Super Bowl video, he didn't state that they bought the tickets until they were about to sneak in. He didn't say it in the beginning. &gt;&gt; Fair enough. Fair enough. &gt;&gt; But for legal purposes, the disclaimer is there. &gt;&gt; You're right. It does take away from the state, but I think for legal purposes. &gt;&gt; No, I did buy tickets, Danny. Okay. Stop.
[05:30] &gt;&gt; Hey, I'm not the one. It's this guy. He called the police. &gt;&gt; I'm just trying to share. I think that's why it's good in five minutes. Yeah, we Yeah, we got &gt;&gt; the Spar Studio events already tracking down. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, we got the news. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's fast forward a bit. Like maybe explain where we're at at this moment in the video cuz you've done all the prep. Now you're about to go into the stadium to try to sneak in. &gt;&gt; We've gone through the traffic security and now we're making our way into the arena to actually head into the game. And from there, we'll see if the passes get me all the way to the seats. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. &gt;&gt; How you feeling tonight? Playoff spot. &gt;&gt; Your sound design is great. Thank you.
[06:00] &gt;&gt; Time was running out and I had to make a decision now. Was I going to be paralyzed by the fear of failure and not follow through? It wouldn't be the first time I've set a goal. &gt;&gt; End of 2024, we've amassed at least 100,000 subscribers &gt;&gt; only to give up halfway. Repeat that cycle over and over. &gt;&gt; I would have just moved on to it. That's me though. &gt;&gt; I feel like it's good to tie in cuz I'm learning a bit more about you. I would have liked this after like you either like I don't know what's about to happen. Like are you going to get in? Are you good or not? Like just I feel
[06:30] like we haven't earned this moment. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I just feel like I get to the point where when someone like makes it this big deal, but then it's just like, bro, you're just sneaking in. Like, you're either going to say yes or no. They're not going to like cut your head off for doing, you know? So, I just want to like That's me, though. I just like want to &gt;&gt; Oh, you feel like he's like getting a little too mellow dramatic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like when it gets too But that's also me. I think maybe the normal person at home, I think it might be good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I will say like I love when people take like the initial narrative of a video and add a second one later on cuz now all of a sudden I'm learning more about you and I'm kind of invested in
[07:00] like okay wow you've had a lot of attempts at a lot of big things. Is this one going to go well? Yeah. &gt;&gt; So I can see what you're doing there. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; If I fail I fail. But I've come way too far to back out now. I'm done thinking what if &gt;&gt; instant media pass. &gt;&gt; No way that worked. your front, bro. This is incredible. &gt;&gt; So, now we're at the end here. This is kind of like the wrap up. Um, how are you thinking about ending this video? &gt;&gt; So, I sneak into the VIP box and so that's like the final thing. And then I
[07:30] actually have a CTA regarding Ara. So, I put Eric Decker on my media pass for the name. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, you called out. &gt;&gt; I didn't call him out. &gt;&gt; I didn't call him out. I basically So, at the end, I said there's a reason why I used his name. I'll explain it uh later on if I get to level three. And once I get in, I say he's sneaking into the White House. I want to help him. This is like my application to But hey, I won't do it now if you don't want me to sneak in. I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; You want to sneak into the White House? &gt;&gt; I don't want to sneak in, but if Eric needs help, he said he was going to do that. &gt;&gt; He's going to do that. That's hilarious. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. I think this video like if I
[08:00] didn't see your subscriber count, I would never guess. Like, how many subscribers you have right now? &gt;&gt; 15,000. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, one thing I I would say is like like he was saying, if people were to keep like if this was your thing, it's like don't let it be your thing. Like Yeah. Make sure you don't get stuck in doing something every week. &gt;&gt; How many subscribers do you have? about like 110,000 &gt;&gt; and we're about to roast one of your videos, give you feedback that I think could be helpful for your next videos for anybody watching. Um, what are we about to watch? &gt;&gt; Me surviving riding a bull. &gt;&gt; Well, you got an 1800 lb bull stepping on you. Yeah. You know, lose a lung,
[08:30] lose a, you know, kidney. &gt;&gt; This is the first time riding a bull. &gt;&gt; That hurt on my back. I don't want to do this. &gt;&gt; Uh, is that you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How many people do you think would recognize you through that helmet? Nobody. &gt;&gt; Obviously, you want to be safe and put the helmet on. First, I'm not sure who's talking. If I haven't watched your videos, I don't know, you know. So, I would have just had a few more things. You looking nervous putting on the helmet than kind of diving into the action. [Music] &gt;&gt; Well, this will all make sense if you go
[09:00] back before I was a sad cowboy wannabe. &gt;&gt; This is uh editor. This is way too far back. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's me. &gt;&gt; That's hilarious, dude. &gt;&gt; I know you I know you grew up with money because you have footage of you as a child. &gt;&gt; Some money. You definitely had a little bit of money, huh? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Cowboy Central. Big things happen here. Let's see where the man &gt;&gt; You put some effort in this video to have the best cowboy teacher in the world agree to teach me for 3 days. Lucky cuz currently I don't have an
[09:30] ounce of cowboy in. &gt;&gt; I love what you're setting up here cuz like now you're helping me follow the story cuz I assume this is going to go higher and higher up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like so I feel like we're almost like in video game mode. &gt;&gt; I mean this type of stuff actually does inspire me a little bit. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I love this. This is great. It's cool. It makes me want to like Dude, I want to like come up with like some sort of like bit like this and like, you know what I mean? It's pretty cool. &gt;&gt; I feel like you've done that with like traveling across the &gt;&gt; I'm a big fan of like I'm a big fan of like the cinematic shots though, like him walking and then you it zooms in on the telephone pole. Like I love those shots. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; dude. That's high praise from him. That
[10:00] is pretty &gt;&gt; Gary. This is David. &gt;&gt; Who's this? &gt;&gt; Gary Lefu, world champion in bull riding and in the rodeo hall of fame. He's a cowboy I want to be like, &gt;&gt; but I'm a bit worried because he said the fastest way to learn how to be a cowboy is to get on the board. &gt;&gt; I Dude, this is so cool. And I love like you're you're building like an aesthetic and a universe. &gt;&gt; You know that if I were to see your another video, I'm like, "Oh, I've watched this before." And immediately like you start to feel different than
[10:30] all the other clutter on YouTube. So, &gt;&gt; if you sent me this video and you're like, "I want to work for you." I'd probably hire you on the spot, honestly. &gt;&gt; All right. I'll send this to you afterwards. But I wouldn't hire you because you definitely have potential to easily you could get millions easily. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; The content now on YouTube, there are so many shitty creators and it's so that are huge and it's so pathetic. &gt;&gt; It is. It's &gt;&gt; It is like actually pathetic. &gt;&gt; We'll talk about that afterwards. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; No, Danny, if you want to call out somebody right now, you could do that. So Danny and I actually filmed a bonus roast with another creator beyond the
[11:00] three creators that you'll see in this video. And we'll send it to you for free when you sign up for a free trial of Spotter Studio, which is today's sponsor and one of my favorite creator tools. In fact, I use Spotter Studio to help brainstorm this exact video that you're watching. Because using their tool, I saw that my breakdown video with Mr. Beast and my videos with Danny Duncan were huge outliers on my channel. So I thought, why not combine the formats? So, together with Spotter Studio, we flew out these creators to the Lighthouse in LA. Then, Danny and I roasted them. And we even use Spotter Studio to revamp their thumbnails,
[11:30] titles, and more. And right now, you can get a 14-day free trial of Spotter Studio with my link below or scan this QR code. And best of all, there's no strings attached. But if you want to continue, Spotter Studio just announced their biggest discount yet from $49 per month to just $29 per month or from $598 to just $99 for the entire year. So, there's never been a better time to try. Plus, you'll get that bonus roast video from Danny and I along with other videos like a private coaching session that I co-hosted with Colin Samir and April Lyn Alter and more. So, go to the link below to get a free trial of Spotter Studio to
[12:00] see why so many creators use it and love it. &gt;&gt; John, you shot now. &gt;&gt; This was a simulator that I invented and uh it simulates the jumping kick. Ready? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; See, I roll up on my leg going over cuz I'm giving and taking him here. here doing this. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Keep your chest out. Keep your back arch. Just concentrate right here and try to bring that down and full. Okay. &gt;&gt; My first impression of Gary is that he
[12:30] moves too fast. I hate being rushed into things that I'm not fully ready for. &gt;&gt; The sound design, the swelling. Awesome. Awesome. Like like I am like feeling the music and what's going on. Like &gt;&gt; he's like Gordon Ramsay of videos. &gt;&gt; They're going to roast me. &gt;&gt; Oh, dude. I mean there's a mix of both. Both. Yeah, not fully ready for, but Gary, &gt;&gt; it feels like he expects me to get on the bull immediately. &gt;&gt; Great other angle. &gt;&gt; You're a natural boy. You're a natural. &gt;&gt; Did you hear what I heard? &gt;&gt; He said I'm a natural. I guess being a
[13:00] cowboy is a lot easier than I thought. &gt;&gt; I was going to say you should have the cowboy. &gt;&gt; This is good, dude. This is good. I hate the font, though. &gt;&gt; Like, go back. &gt;&gt; Should have used a western font. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Ah, good idea. &gt;&gt; What the hell is this font, man? This is like worse than comic sands. &gt;&gt; I'll change my branding. &gt;&gt; I mean, &gt;&gt; the colors are good though. At least &gt;&gt; the colors are good, but you have like the other like like scrapbook font. You have a lot of things going on like and then you like pull out this like, you know, Microsoft P.
[13:30] &gt;&gt; Come up with something to hate on right now, bro. &gt;&gt; No, I No, it bothered me the first time. I didn't say it. It came back. I got &gt;&gt; All right. All right. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; My legs are burning. &gt;&gt; Go ahead and get off and let them rest for a little bit. Yeah, that was that was awesome. Yeah, you use muscles that you don't you're not used to using, you know, cuz &gt;&gt; what what hurts. &gt;&gt; It's like the &gt;&gt; I don't know if you can show that, but it's like right on. &gt;&gt; Did you blur out your &gt;&gt; blur on this? &gt;&gt; You don't want to get flagged? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I wouldn't blur that.
[14:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; you don't blur anything. &gt;&gt; Yeah, naked. &gt;&gt; We know. Danny, we know. We know. I Danny gave me access to his YouTube studio. I cannot believe how many videos with millions of views are totally demonetized. It doesn't. Do you guys test like how far you could go before you get demonetized? &gt;&gt; I would say if you don't monetize the video, you you can go further if it's a crazier video. If you monetize the chances of it getting I think uh yellow or age restricted is like very quick. &gt;&gt; I think it's a higher chance.
[14:30] &gt;&gt; Yeah, Dan. Danny push. &gt;&gt; But yeah, I would sac I'll sacrifice the money for the views. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Okay, so let's fast forward to the part where you get your ass absolutely kicked by riding a bull like in a arena like competitive environment. &gt;&gt; I mean, that's hilarious that you did it in front of people. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, props. &gt;&gt; That's great. &gt;&gt; I was definitely the fastest one to fall. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, my heart is like racing watching this. [Applause] &gt;&gt; That's not horrible. &gt;&gt; Two second. I like that you put that graphic up there.
[15:00] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I like that, too. &gt;&gt; Not the font, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I like the font. &gt;&gt; I failed again. Imagine how cool the story would be if I got it then. I was pretty bummed, but Gary thought I was crazy for even trying. Before our time ended, Gary reminded me, "Whatever I vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe in, and enthusiastically act upon must inevitably come to pass." So, with that said, I gave the last day my all. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh my god,
[15:30] &gt;&gt; dude. Well done. &gt;&gt; Is that even a bowl, though? Let's be honest. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh my god. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Wait. What's about to happen here? &gt;&gt; Let's get it. &gt;&gt; They all screamed. Move [Music] &gt;&gt; it. [Laughter] &gt;&gt; How did that feel? &gt;&gt; Oh, that was like the best feeling ever. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you one thing though?
[16:00] I would have start cutting and wrapping up the video here &gt;&gt; right away. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like like we feel it or like at least change the shot. I know there's so much excitement like if you had another camera on here like at this point the wide shot is established. I want to see your emotion or Gary's emotion as your teacher. I need I need to feel the emotional right here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I would definitely I agree. I didn't feel like it was going too long though at all. But &gt;&gt; like if this guy was filming you two right here, that's a really good shot of you two cuz this is a big moment. I don't know what this guy's filming the bowl for. Like it makes no sense. But honestly, like why is he filming the
[16:30] bull? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess you could always get that after as a &gt;&gt; Yeah, you could get a million shots of this bull sitting here. &gt;&gt; But but this moment you can't &gt;&gt; Yeah, this moment's huge. I can't stand when there's a shot and then another filmer in the shot. I hate it. &gt;&gt; Uh I don't mind that. &gt;&gt; It pisses me off so much. It looks so stupid. I think it looks unprofessional and stupid. It's like if you're watching a movie, dude, you don't see some idiot in the background filming [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I &gt;&gt; I think that's the beauty of YouTube and and even documentaries. You see the other person &gt;&gt; looks horrible. What documentary do you like when &gt;&gt; you see it? you see the other person in the shot sometimes or like I I know it's not the most professional. I think
[17:00] that's one where like &gt;&gt; I I &gt;&gt; unless there's a reason unless there's a reason for like that idiot in the background should not be there. &gt;&gt; There's no way you agree that that guy it looks good with that guy in the shot. &gt;&gt; No, I Well, I think the shot could have been different if it was closer up and he was in it. I would take that. How many views does this get? &gt;&gt; I don't know. Like probably like little bit like 10 20,000. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think with those changes like this is too good of a video. &gt;&gt; No, that's a great video, but I think it takes time too. Like I remember getting 10k views a video and I was like yeah I think it was like I was getting like five and I was like hell yeah. When I was getting 10 a video I was like oh we got something here.
[17:30] &gt;&gt; Yeah. I will also say the title and thumbnail could have used a lot of work. Like now seeing the video I would have made the title something like I tried professional bull riding or how many days did you spend at this ranch? That's like four days. &gt;&gt; Four days. I spent four days like professional bull riding or something like that. Like if we did this with the thumbnail it would look good on mobile and desktop. And then we also have our YouTube hack pack where like we ran it through the thumbnail tester to make sure it looked good. Um, so I think a lot of those things will improve and if you guys want to get that as well, just go to the link below or the QR code. Um,
[18:00] but dude, I thought you did great and uh, yeah, I'm really impressed actually. We got Maria here. How many subs do you have? &gt;&gt; I have 27,000. &gt;&gt; Okay, so what video are we about to watch? &gt;&gt; This is six habits that I would master if I had 25 pounds to lose in 2025. &gt;&gt; Way too long of a title. &gt;&gt; Great. &gt;&gt; Way too long of a title. But but a video you need to watch. &gt;&gt; I need to gain 25 pounds. Daddy, weren't you trying to lose weight before? &gt;&gt; I'm trying to gain weight. &gt;&gt; You're trying to gain weight as long would be great. &gt;&gt; Okay. But a lot of people are trying to
[18:30] lose weight, but the title is very long. &gt;&gt; Yeah. A little confusing. &gt;&gt; I would have done six tips to lose 25 pounds in 2025. &gt;&gt; Or just six tips to lose 25 pounds fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that could be good, too. Or honestly, I know the tips thing is overdone, so I think you need a qualifier like six surprising tips. Six uncommon tips, like six unconventional tips, like like make me think that you're about to tell me something new. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; We also have a little surprise for you. So, we redesigned your thumbnail. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; And like we even have like other
[19:00] iterations that we explored, but like for this one, like we just thought way too much was going on. &gt;&gt; These are great. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Of course, we'll send them over to If I had 25 pounds to lose this year, I would not waste a single second of it. &gt;&gt; Okay, Maria, what is going on here? &gt;&gt; That's my Instagram. &gt;&gt; Why so many creators do this? It like gets on every last one of my nerves. Like, we don't need a watermark right there at the corner. Like, we're just starting to watch you. &gt;&gt; You don't even want someone to go to your Instagram right now. You want them to watch the video. Well, in my opinion,
[19:30] &gt;&gt; well said single second of it on any of this online nonsense. Instead, I'm going to give you six powerful habits that actually work. And trust me, if you do these, especially number five, your body will change. &gt;&gt; I would have written out the tips. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; Oh, really? giving them away straight away. &gt;&gt; Honestly, and this is a mistake I made like early on in my career where it's like, in this video, you're going to learn these tips and I would blur them out. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Honestly, like our intros had lower
[20:00] retention when we did that. &gt;&gt; Okay. versus we just did a video like 15 tips just listing them out. You know what we saw? People scrub back just to take a look at it and retention spiked. &gt;&gt; And I'm talking about habits that fuel fat loss, build muscle, and make weight loss feel easy because nobody has successfully lost weight feeling miserable long term. Because let's be real, life is too short to spend it constantly on a diet. My goal is to help you reach your goals fast so that you
[20:30] can get on with living your best. &gt;&gt; Okay, we got the point. Like, let's get into the tips, you know? I'm like, what what what are we waiting for, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; When I'm editing something, if I'm like just even a little bit hesitant on anything, I would cut it. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I have like I have multiple editors. One guy rough cut send it to let's say the main guy. Then the main guy when he's done sends it to me. Then I'm watching again and like maybe I'm with people watching it and I can just feel a part slow. You know what I mean? It's so important when you're watching people, you could feel impatience. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like right now, how you feel probably you're like, "Oh, stupid
[21:00] Instagram Mark." &gt;&gt; And as So my fiance doesn't watch my videos, but sometimes he will. I'll get him to and he'll actually find them interesting and that's a good sign. I need to &gt;&gt; wait. Your fiance has to watch every one of your videos. &gt;&gt; No. Hell no. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Like you're trying to do this full time, right? &gt;&gt; Well, I know if he's interest if they're I know they're good if he actually wants &gt;&gt; It might not be what he wants to watch. &gt;&gt; I I know. But I think that's a good like everybody in your family has somebody whether it's a parent, a sibling, a roommate like that's just outside maybe the target demo of people watching your YouTube videos.
[21:30] &gt;&gt; I actually find those are the people that like keep it real. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now habit number one is an absolute game changer and that is starting your day with a breakfast that has at least 20 to 30 g of protein. This sets the metabolic tone for the day. That first tip sets the tone and I feel like the way you phrased it was boring because you're saying that the tip is like have like a like a high protein breakfast like 30 grams, right? &gt;&gt; Like I think you need to come up with something that makes it more memorable
[22:00] like like give a damn about your grams or something like that. Like you need to like &gt;&gt; advice content is all over YouTube. So you got to find like a piffy way to make it memorable. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um unless you're saying something like really net new based on research. Yeah, lose weight. Their weakness is often afternoon or late night snacking. But the secret to overcoming this is not by looking at what you're eating in the evenings. It's going way back to a few hours earlier and looking at how you start your day. A huge mistake that I see my clients making
[22:30] &gt;&gt; like with that that whole like edit like I didn't have any time to read that. Like what was that? What was going on there? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I didn't do it. &gt;&gt; You didn't do it? We're just throwing your editor under the bus here. Okay, Maria. &gt;&gt; She's actually really good. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. I'm sure she'll be thrilled to see like you say here. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; yeah, that was fast. Yeah, &gt;&gt; but more than it being fast, I just feel like you have different &gt;&gt; brand styles in one video. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's like inconsistent and and the subconscious thing that happens is like my eye is getting fatigued just like trying to keep up with all the different
[23:00] branding. Like I know if I watch Danny's video, I'm going to see that same color yellow. I'm going to hear that same song that you've been putting in your videos for what, 10 years? Um, and there's a consistency and familiarity to it that builds over time, &gt;&gt; okay? But it's actually much more beneficial to frontload your day with your calories, particularly with protein to help keep your cravings under control. Now, if this is something that you're not really used to doing, for example, I had a client recently and she just really preferred having her bigger dinner. That was what she was all
[23:30] &gt;&gt; So embarrassing. &gt;&gt; No, this is you're you're doing great. Um, I would have started with this story. And so I like to say like tip number one is this. And you say like a line like like give a damn about your grams. Yeah. Or something like that. Something that's like wait what it sounds interesting. Let me let me intrigue. And then I like to say okay before we get into that tip I want to tell you a story about one of my clients and how they put this into practice. &gt;&gt; Da da da da da. And as a result they were able to lose weight. So here's what you should do in your life. And then
[24:00] &gt;&gt; yeah, I need to make the boring facts more interesting and tell stories. And &gt;&gt; well, it it's not even like facts will sometimes like I don't want to say they'll always be boring, but to me it's like story is like the glue that makes a statistic stick. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. &gt;&gt; And I I didn't get that story until later on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, do you feel it because we're watching? &gt;&gt; I can feel it now. I'm like, "Oh my god, would she just say something interesting?" &gt;&gt; If you want to be in our next roast video, fill out this form below. And I'd actually love your feedback. If you want
[24:30] to see more of these roast videos or potentially even see us turn this into a service where we leave detailed notes on your videos to improve them, then fill out this form below by going to this link at vidroast.io. And before we go, I want to also give a shout out to three more creators who made some of my favorite thumbnails of the week, which is a popular segment from our newsletter that we're doing here on YouTube thanks to dostore domains, the OG domain name for creators selling online. So, here are the three thumbnails. And I specifically want to call out the first one from Noah Kaine because it nails the circle composition
[25:00] perfectly and the leading lines just draw your attention in to learn more about the climbing gear that he's reviewing. So, let me know if you have any other thumbnails or creators you want to nominate or if you're interested in seeing more roasts like this one. and I'll see you next time.