# From Homeless to YouTube's 2nd Biggest Channel (Stokes Twins Interview)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP0PgQQKHj8
Date: 2025-05-12

[00:00] The last three years, we've spent roughly 30 million on our videos. You guys are the second biggest creator in the United States after Mr. Beast. In the last 9 months, we've grown like 80 to 90 million subscribers. There's a lot of things people don't know about us. Our family didn't know that we were homeless. I just didn't want to stress them out more. Were tensions high after you made that fake robbery video? We immediately got demonetized. They really wanted to make an example out of YouTubers. Definitely paid a price for it. Why not address it? I don't know if I should even say this. Creators have like claimed you guys have stolen ideas. You guys used to be part of Brent
[00:30] Rivera's creator group. What cut did they take of your revenue? The money we were splitting just didn't make sense. Can you share your AdSense? Oh my god. Averaging close to 100 million views per video. What was the biggest disagreement you guys have gotten into? I had people in my ear telling me, "Hey, like your brother's freaking crazy." A lot of people don't know about her background, but [Music] like I cannot believe that thousands of creators have already gotten our free
[01:00] YouTube hack with all my best templates, tools, and tips to grow on YouTube today. And you can get it as well if you go to ytackpack.com. Basically, it's everything that I've learned from my interviews with top creators to my 5 years working inside YouTube before that. So, you'll get my 100 viral video ideas playbook with ideas for any niche, my 10 intro templates to improve your hooks with fill-in-the-blank templates, literally the thumbnail templates that I've used to get millions of views on this channel, and if you sign up within the next 2 weeks, I'll be picking a few of you to redesign your thumbnails by
[01:30] hand, just like I did for this creator. And if you've already gotten our hack packs in the past or joined our newsletter, then just keep an eye out on our next email to submit. And if you're seeing this afterwards, don't worry. We're doing a ton more giveaways soon. So again, go to the link in the description below, ytackpack.com, or check out the QR code to get it all for free. And now back to the video. All right, boys. I am so excited to be here. Are you guys wearing tuxedos? Cuz this is your first podcast interview. Like, what was what's the deal with the men's warehouse get up here, guys? Yeah. So,
[02:00] this is our first podcast ever, and we just honestly wanted to dress for the occasion. Wow, dude. I I'm usually the one who's overdressed. So, uh I'm excited to get into it. Um, I have a lot of question, but before that, I mean, we've been setting up here and I've seen two donkeys, two pigs, like a Lambo outside. Just give me some like basic numbers. Like, uh, how much do you guys purchase this mansion for where you film a ton of your YouTube videos? Yeah. Um, I think you're the financial guy here, Alex. Uh, yeah. So, we purchased this
[02:30] mansion for 9.4 million. Wow. And since then, we've put over $5 million in renovations in this mansion. Um, yeah. I mean, we love this house. It's basically the perfect um I wouldn't really call it a house. It's more like a warehouse, right? Like, we have our guys work out of here. Obviously, we have two rooms in this house as well. We film like I feel like it's just a perfect fit for our videos, right? It's an open canvas. It's uh obviously has a home feel to it, but it's also like a really nice aesthetic warehouse where we can set deck
[03:00] depending on the type of video that we're doing. So, overall, we think it's just like the perfect home for the style of videos that we film. And this place has a ton of history. Like the Ace family used to live here, right? Yes. Before this, you guys bought it from them or how did that go? No, no, we bought it from the bank. The It was a foreclosure. Yeah. Foreclosure. They combined. So, this is originally was made this lot was originally intended for three homes. And they this house is actually combined from two homes. So, it's there were originally there's a home on this side and home on that side.
[03:30] And they combined this space we're in right now was kind of how they combined the two homes together. So, into like one giant mega mansion. And pretty much this would technically be the biggest and most expensive home in Woolen Hills history. Just a fun fact, this home. Yeah. Yes. But it was done illegally. So, it's just just a little bit of history behind a house. So, yeah. We actually don't live here. We have our own separate homes. We have two separate homes because there's no hot water. Still no hot water here. Yeah. No hot water, no uh heat. So, we have our own
[04:00] separate homes like 15 minutes away. We just come up here for work. $14 million house with all the renovations, but it's not where you guys live. Yeah. I mean, we've been it's been three years almost since we purchased this home and haven't been able to move in yet. Well, I got to say the thing that fascinated me most of all this was actually the editing room. Like, I walked there in there earlier. It's like there's like seven videos being worked on at once. I saw a short, I saw a long form, a long form. It's just like I I want to talk about the videos because you guys obviously have, you know, over 110 million subscribers. Um, you know, I pulled up the YouTube
[04:30] 2024 trends report and you guys are listed as the second biggest creator in the United States. Like, it's wild. Behind only Mr. Beast, ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo. Whoa. At number three, and Mark Robber at number eight. Whoa. You guys haven't seen No. This is This is the 2024 YouTube trends report. Uh, you guys are also the second most watched creator in the UK and Indonesia, number three in Mexico, number seven in India. You're only 26 years old, which is is wild. Um, so I want to ask
[05:00] No, it's it's hilarious because it's like Yeah. Like keep adding to the list. It's just music to my No, I'm joking. Well, yeah. There's there's a lot of like nuance in that, too. But but I was studying up about your past. Like you guys were homeless. You slept in your car. You were showering at the gym. You were sampling at Costco. Yes. How did you go from that to this? Yeah. So, when we first started, we were in college and we were obviously um our mom is Asian and you know, every Asian parent wants
[05:30] their kid to be a doctor, which is what originally we were in school for. And I just saw like the life that a lot of my friends who were a little older, the life that they were living along with um my mom and you know, me personally, like I just I had a dream that I wanted to do YouTube. I wanted to entertain and I was like, why not? Like, why can't I do this? So, obviously, we didn't have the support of our parents when we first moved out here by ourselves. So, we were
[06:00] pretty much just we drove out here on a car and we just wanted to chase our dreams, right? And it was just me and him. We were living in our car. We were trying to figure it out on Instagram. We originally started out on Instagram. uh grew to around 100K, which obviously Instagram doesn't pay anything, right? Our goal was to transition all of that to YouTube. And just starting out, like I said, we didn't have a place to live. We slept in a car, didn't have a place to shower, so we would obviously have to
[06:30] shower in like public gyms. We would sample at Costco. We would kind of sneak in and just be like, "Oh, hey, I'm here to get my eye checked." Picking up a prescription. Walk in, steal samples. We'd even like put on different outfits, hoodies if we like, you know, you can't go back for like two, three samples where I mean, you technically can, but it gets suspicious. Yeah. So, we would uh kind of do that to kind of get by. And I remember our first ever YouTube video that did really well for us. It was what it's like to be a twin. And we were finally able to get an Airbnb after
[07:00] that. So we finally had a place to call home, a place to go home to at night, shower, and from there, ever since we had our own like, you know, place to work out of. We were finally able to just massively scale up from there. So we're homeless for a year and a half, and then after we got our first Airbnb within months, we got our first apartment. A few months out of the apartment, we got our first um house that we filmed a lot of our videos in. And fast forward, six, seven years, we're here. So, and was that primarily AdSense
[07:30] money? That was funny. All AdSense money. It was every single I don't think we've ever made a dime from Instagram or Tik Tok. Everything has come from YouTube. So, we're just super grateful to be able to do what we're what we love, which is YouTube. So, I was trying to understand your creative process by talking to a lot of the creators who have collaborated with you, like Jordan Matter, and and he said that something along the lines of um the Stokes Twins are the best at finding what's popular across all of YouTube and adapting it. He said that about you guys. And so I want to break that into two parts. Um
[08:00] finding what's popular and then adapting it. How do you guys go about finding trends on YouTube or ideas that you're like that'd be interesting for us to make a video about? Yeah. So I would def I have an account on YouTube where I'm just obviously I have like six different accounts. One is like where I watch sports, another account where I just watch games. Um and obviously one account where I just only keep up with like watch YouTube videos, keep up with like other creators. So from there, I'm kind of my homepage. I'm really able to see like what YouTube is recommending me, right? Where YouTube is kind of
[08:30] serving me up. Hey, this is what I think you'll watch where I'm one of my own viewers, right? So from there, I'm able to see, okay, wow, this video did amazing for this creator, right? They typically average 100,000 views or this one has a million views in a day, which is a huge outlier obviously. So from there, I'm able to kind of look at and be, okay, is that something that we can do? um you know we can't it honestly depends on a topic but I can just throw you out secret rooms right which is for people
[09:00] who don't know like it's a huge trend uh building secret rooms in your house people were doing just secret rooms and I was like okay there's got to be a better way to combine this right where it's uh we saw secret rooms being built no one really incorporating like the hide-and-seek aspect a part of it so we were able to kind of just see a video that was really popular and we also know hide-and-seek is really popular at the time as well. The camouflage I didn't see was a huge trend. So, we just combine it all into one giant video and really just make it a a two-part viral video as opposed to a one part viral
[09:30] video. You're coming for the secret rooms, but you're also getting the secret room along with this huge spectacle of a search as well. I'm curious like with all that said, like uh where's the line between remixing ideas and stealing them? Because a lot of folks, you know, like creators have like claimed you guys have stolen ideas. Specifically, I want to share this print out because, you know, um, creators have claimed that you've stolen their content. I've pulled a video from Mr. Beast, uh, that you guys later created a
[10:00] very similar thumbnail to, a thumbnail from Ara where he was busting myths. You guys, u made a similar thumbnail, and then thumbnails from Ryan Tran, FaZe Rug, Brent Rivera that you guys used as well. What's that line between adapting and remixing content and stealing or copying them as creators have suggested? Yeah, this definitely came from a time where we were uh very new to YouTube. I believe that some of these examples are when we were first starting 5 years ago and honestly like um we were very very small. We didn't
[10:30] know that the backlash that would cause we I believe we had a couple hundred thousand subscribers for some of these and we had a friend who would do in-house. This is at the time we were demonetizing YouTube. So, we were just really trying not to get kicked out of our apartment, trying to save costs on where we could. And um he would do our thumbnails for free and I'll be like, "Hey, like um we just did a Lassly Tesla video. Can you just uh find a thumbnail out there and create something?" And he
[11:00] would just pretty much throw our faces on other people's faces or just put us in the same background or almost make it a little too similar. Uh we had no clue like the long-term harm in our reputation it would cause. We thought it was just a couple hundred thousand views. The creators themselves won't even notice. Um, we were scrapping to get by. And, you know, looking back at it now, like, it harms you as a creator, your reputation as a creator. And it also harms a video performance because with these thumbnails, they're so similar to the original one that's already been seen by millions of people
[11:30] where when they see a such a similar version, they're not going to click on it. I believe this thumbnail right here has like a two or 3% clickthrough rate. We see this at the time where, hey, you know, we're new to YouTube. Oh my god, this is a thumbnail that everyone is doing. And if we want this trend to be recognizable, we have to do the same thumbnail, not knowing that viewers are going to see it as, hey, it's the same video. We're not going to click on it. This thumbnail here had a two or 3% clickthrough rate. Our lowest one is like 5 6%. After that, so it not only
[12:00] harms you as a creator, your reputation, but it also harms the video performance over time. And you're also like pissing off a bunch of other creators as well because um yeah, I mean this is is there is there a story there? Was there a punch in the gut or a wakeup call? Like um one day I woke up saw a tweet that hey the Stokes twins copy my thumbnail and I was like oh no like how did they even see it? The video only has like 100k views. Who is that tweet from? It was from Faze Rug. Faze Rug. Yeah. And um you know I
[12:30] was like oh my god like people clearly don't don't like this right you know and we see like we see thumbnails being similar on YouTube but not to the point where they're copy and pasted given there are examples where like other creators do like there's probably examples out there where other people do copy and paste at the time as well. But um you know seeing us get directly targeted by that and we're just starting out I'm like oh my god like this sucks. Like we're just getting our name out there. um we're kind of getting dragged
[13:00] through the mud. Um we're just trying to make it out as creators and it kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] our reputation. So from there it was like a really wakeup call, right? We were like, "Okay, like when you do stuff like this, it is going to get out that you do stuff like this. You develop a reputation that you're just a copycat creator, right?" Given that the content inside is completely different for like pretty much all of these concepts, um when they see that, they just assume you copy everything, right? you're just known as the copycat creator when obviously not saying it's okay. It's not
[13:30] okay to copy a thumbnail like this. Copy and paste. But even if the cop the thumbnail is just a copy and paste, people are going to assume that everything you do is copy and paste. So it was horrible. We pissed off a lot of creators and um I believe Arak won. This one got taken down by Ara. Uh he copyright strike the video. It was taken down for 28 days and we were told that he may even take it to court. So we were like, "Oh my god." Like okay. like we immediately changed the thumbnail on it when it got reinstated and uh views
[14:00] actually jumped up like crazy. So I was like, "Oh my god, like it's actually way better and way more." Yeah. Yeah. It's actually way better and way more innovative to not do this. And it was just like a wakeup call for us, right? We're like, "Okay, this is very very dumb to do. This is bad harming us reputation. This is harming, you know, the potential views the video could get and overall just harming our business as creators, right? And you know, you don't want to be that creator that everyone like has a certain stigma about where, okay, this person is just
[14:30] known for doing this or they're only where they are because they copied. And that's something that we had to learn the hard way unfortunately about the copy pasting thumbnails. And um yeah, now we spend I want to say I spend like six hours on just coming up with like original sketches on thumbnails. Okay, what is the most creative thumbnail out there that I know the viewer click on? not oh what have they seen and what has worked. What is something that is immediately going to grab the viewers's attention? We come up with like 10
[15:00] sketches of thumbnails and from there I'll pick like okay this thumbnail immediately grabs my attention and I'm going to pick five to the top five for my thumbnail artist to do. So now we have an actual thumbnail artist. We actually spend time doing the sketches and the results just kind of speak for themselves. Um, I did want to talk about the video of it because beyond the thumbnails like in that Ara video, there were moments of it where, you know, he was like busting a myth where it was like him like going down with bed sheets from a second floor of a room. You guys
[15:30] did something similar. That point you guys had about 4 million subscribers. It's a myth that you can use bed sheets as a rope to escape your bedroom. Guys, please don't do this at home. This is a terrible idea. Oh, it's working. You can climb out a window using only bed sheets. Uh-oh. Yeah. Oh my god, it's working. It is impossible to ride a bike underwater. Oh my god, dude. He's doing it. It is impossible to ride a bike underwater.
[16:00] It's working. Of course, like our thought process from like from now to 5 years ago has changed so much. And it's just at the time, I just know it was more so it's definitely not okay, pick up a camera. H what are we doing? Let's just copy and paste. The intention behind doing that was more so, hey, this scene is so funny. I'm going to do this because now when I watch it back, I'm laughing as well. And it makes this whole video process, if I'm enjoying what I'm doing, I'm laughing at it. That's more so what I was focused on
[16:30] rather than the, hey, this is copy and paste it from another creator from there. And like a bunch of other videos, it's just like moving forward from like fast forward five years. It's like the thought process, everything now is just complete like 180 and it's just having moments like that where you can really learn from your mistakes just really um I think key moments like that was just super important for us to like grow from and evolve and truly become like uh
[17:00] where we are today. Yeah. Now on the flip side like people like take a lot of your ideas like I was watching a few shorts back toback. You guys had this short where you're drawing different circles and trying to figure out the path and then there's other videos where it's come out afterwards that people are replicating the exact setup. It's impossible to solve this puzzle from start to finish. Is it possible to solve this puzzle from start to finish? The only rule is you can't trace over any of the lines. You're not allowed to do that. The only
[17:30] rule is you can't trace over the lines. No, no, no. You can't draw over the other line. I show you guys how to do it. You have to subscribe. You come right now and subscribe. Subscribe. If I get this, everybody has to subscribe. Bro, he has it. Oh, no way. Are there videos that like have come out
[18:00] since you guys originated the idea that really stick out to you or like you kind of are just moving on to the next video? Yeah, I mean like we like it's it's kind of funny cuz it's kind of it's like a full circle like we originally would copy like other people's like um video ideas or their thumbnails and obviously that's not something that we we do anymore. We see something we try to elevate and make it completely different. We try to put like two combine two trends into one where it's like hey you're coming here for the ultimate viewing experience. So like
[18:30] yeah sometimes I'll scroll through shorts my video will pop up and then just cuz like I'm on that account right that I have that custom account where like it registers me as a fan so I'm able to see like what content that YouTube thinks me as a Stokes fan would want to see or like in my niche right the the whole creator ecosystem that makes similar content to what we make. So from there it'll serve me one of my shorts and then right underneath that will be a copy and paste of our shorts and I'll be like oh my god like this is like identical to ours down to like the
[19:00] the the the people amount of people in a video the exact same voice over the exact same like coloration and it's like um you know I don't really let it bother me and it it it does happen pretty frequently nowadays but I just kind of more so view it as like oh my god like it's funny how it's like full circle that happens now and you know there's no need for us to really it would almost be hypocritical for me to call them out when I used to do that starting out. So, there's no hard feelings on anyone who
[19:30] does. I understand from their shoes what they're trying to do. They're, you know, at just trying to make a YouTube video, trying to make it happen and um you know, they're trying to live out their dreams. So, I'm not going to like call anyone out on that or anything. So, do do you think there's a reason why uh remixing happens more on YouTube like than like other platforms or do you find that it happens more on Tik Tok or Instagram? I'm curious because like part of it is also it's like our content is so reactionary whether it's literally a react like format where you're watching something else and reacting back to it or you're like making a video about Squid Game which was popular on Netflix
[20:00] and then we have all of our different adaptations to it. Like do you think there's something about YouTube that like this happens way more? Yeah, I think I think like I think it's sometimes uh back to like the culture, right? Like it's um Squid Game that almost became like a small part of like people's culture for like you know it was just everywhere for me, right? Where it's like it's unavoidable. you know, people are saying it in school, like you know, certain things and you know, you see you see
[20:30] like a coin phrase that's uh from that show and everyone's saying it as like a popular phrase and it's just kind of like it's one of those things where kind of when Hunger Games was huge, that was a huge thing. Uh when a song is huge, people are singing it and when a show is huge, people are want to see more of it, right? They're dying to see season 2 where they're also dying to see any recreation of it as well. You know, back when dancing was a huge trend on TikTok, right? Like I would see like hundred of the same dances from like one creator where it's like I think like that was a huge thing on TikTok where like oh you
[21:00] didn't give me dance credits on this and it's like well not with us cuz we didn't I believe we made one or two dances and I couldn't I can't dance I can't dance I cannot dance anything of us dancing but um no it was uh a lot of creators were doing dances a lot of people weren't giving credits even the biggest creators like they would be like oh I didn't know like where this dance credit came from so I can't credit you if I don't know where it comes from. So that's kind of like it's more of like a culture thing, right? Like you're dancing to your favorite song and then someone makes up a dance that's popular and you dance to
[21:30] it and that doesn't necessarily mean like oh you're copying a person. It's you know it's just more of like the the culture more of like what people do. I I also think like often times you know what the origin of your inspiration is and you look at it and you could tell like who's adapting there but sometimes like with dance moves you don't know where it came from or you see like a format or like a game that people are playing in a short and you know people may not realize where it came from. So it's like interesting that uh yeah it's such a and everyone's kind of on this hamster wheel to make more content pay their bills. Um so yeah I think yeah you guys sharing the other side of that is
[22:00] fascinating because mo most people don't think about that. Take me through like what's the average cost of a Stokes Twins video? I would say the average cost is around 500,000. Yeah, like 500,000. No, you're you're kidding me. No, come on. Oh, no. I'm kidding. No. Um, okay. So, imagine getting over 50 million views on a video you uploaded but didn't edit at all. That's exactly what Jubilee did by using Opus Clip. And it's a tool that I want to give to you guys for free. And this is how it works. All you
[22:30] have to do is copy and paste a link from your YouTube or even your Google Drive, Loom, Riverside, and boom, Opus automatically analyzes the best parts from that video to turn it into a bunch of clips for you. And better yet, it adds captions, suggest a title, a description that fit your brand, and automatically reframes your video so it looks good vertically so you could upload it immediately. And let's say you're a perfectionist like me, don't worry. Opus also lets you export your clips to Adobe Premiere if you want to make any final touches. It's used by
[23:00] creators and brands of all sizes from those just starting out to some of the biggest channels out there like Jubilee. So, just go to this link below or click on the QR code to get three months free because Opus is giving me a deal that they're not putting anywhere else. This link is the only one that will give you full access to the Opus Pro plan for 3 months. So, you could clip as many of your videos as you want. No strings attached. So, click the link below in the description or click the QR code. And now, back to the video. I would say it's definitely all under like 50,000.
[23:30] We definitely try to keep it under 50,000. Sometimes we go over, but when it comes to like, you know, sometimes we can get it around like 20 to 30 or 40, but it's just depends on like the videos needs and whatnot. But we're definitely, we don't want to be like super wasteful and just, you know, if there's something we can do, I'd rather optimize it more so in like the story versus like, you know, getting something super expensive that I feel like want to add a ton to the video. Yeah. What's your most expensive video you guys have ever made? Well, we spent we did a video where we
[24:00] spent a million dollars in 24 hours. We got like five of our friends, told them, "Hey, you can buy whatever you want." And we kind of had things planned for them where like we, you know, Tanner is a huge like basketball Lakers fan and we got them courtside tickets to go see, you know, NBA game that's part of the segment. Someone else um for example like Sean, we really needed something that was gonna be get to that million mark. So, we're like, "Hey, like, do you have any like cars that you like and whatnot?" And we kind of, you know, got
[24:30] him the Lamborghini. Um, which was around, I believe, like 600 something thousand. So, that took up over half of like, you know, the budget. And with everyone else, a a lot of our friends also share like the same struggles like we did when we came up. Um, didn't really have like a place where they could go home to every night or they were kind of couch hopping as well. So, two of the friends, we um got them like a year lease for like apartments and whatnot and kind of just covered those costs for them. And I believe the video in that video we spent around
[25:00] 1.1 million, but so we definitely went a little bit over. But yeah, that was the video where the most expensive video, but it's just buying things. That was our first really really good year. And you know, our team was very very small. We wanted to kind of give back to our team, make them feel like, hey, like you're thank you for being part of this journey. Um, the same struggles that we went through, we wouldn't wish on anyone. So, we just really wanted to take care of our team. You know, I I really believe in taking care of your team, your employees. So, we kind of just went out of the way, learned what
[25:30] their struggles were, learned what they were trying to do, what they wanted, and we pretty much just um yeah, just made sure that no one, if we had the power to do that of our team, we didn't want anyone to go through that struggle. So, a lot of people we got them like homes, some of them we got them like two-year leases to apartments and gave them a bunch of cash. A few things that obviously didn't make the video as well where we're like, "Hey, like I don't want to like show everything, you know, like we do a lot of these things where it's off camera. I just that was the one video where I'm like I felt really bad
[26:00] about like um outing them." Not even outing, but it's more so like I I feel like the narrative I wouldn't want people to think, "Hey, we did it because the cameras." If anything, I wish we could have done it without the cameras. cuz I feel like it kind of defeats the purpose sometimes. So that was the one video where like I that's originally why I didn't really want to talk about it cuz I feel like to me sometimes where it's like a trade-off where it's hey if you didn't record it it didn't happen versus hey you're only doing it because it's for the cameras. So it's just that was
[26:30] one of the things that I kind of struggle with. So of course there's a lot of things that happens off camera that we don't really like record or capture because just there's just no reason to do that in my opinion. Yes. Between me and this person, not for the whole internet to see. Yeah, it was a beautiful video. Um, how big is your team today? Today, shoot, if you're asking us, like two months ago, we had a team of like seven people, six six full-time people, one like part-time person. Um, and this
[27:00] year one of the things that we wanted to do was scale up a lot, free up more of my time into being into videos and really script writing and just focusing on like bigger things, right? Like uh one of our goals is to expand to China and like I we brought on six new people and I'm just training each of each day of the week. I'll dedicate like a few hours to them. Train them exactly on my thought process like hey like the reason why I drive to this location do this is because I need to know how the location looks like. If we if we're building this
[27:30] in this location, we can't build it in this way because this is where the sun comes in from. What's an exact example of that? Well, or something that recently. So, like let's say we're building like a chocolate a slippery staircase, right? And I have to go to the location. Um, it's one of the bits in our videos where we're like trying to climb a slippery staircase and I'm like, "Okay, it needs to be in this location. It can't be towards this way because look at where the sun's coming from. It's going to look horrible when we film. It's just going to backlight. won't be able to see anyone's face because it's going to be horribly backlit. Can't do this angle either because it's going to have horrible
[28:00] shadows in it. And you know, just kind of like decision- making on like, hey, and here's why um we're going to do it on this day. Here's why we're going to um have this person work on it instead. And just really really training. Like I we have people who live here as well with us right now that we're like training up. And I just think it's essential for them to be I wouldn't say like around us 24/7 but like around us anytime we are working. Yeah. And
[28:30] it's just more so I because like initially this is a really really fun funny story. Um initially like he didn't want to do social media and for the first Yeah. I had to convince him like he thought I was crazy like we were in college. I was like hey I think we can do this and he's like no you got to be realistic man like everyone's dream is to be a famous movie star. This is just another one of those crazy dreams. And it took a lot of convincing and it sucked that the first year and a half we were homeless. He was like, "Man, this sucks." And I was like, "Hey, I promise you we're gonna figure this out." And
[29:00] it's amazing that we were finally able to figure it out. But for the first three years, I just told him, "Hey, you don't need to worry about anything. I got everything under control. I'm going to like make sure that like I'm going to film our content. I'm going to take our pictures. I'm going to edit all of our content. I'm going to um you know, I'm going to direct it. I'm going to produce it. I'm gonna make sure everything you'd only have to show up as talent. So the first three, four years, that was the case. Wow. And throughout over the last two years, I want to say that's when he
[29:30] finally started picking it up and he's been really really able to like obviously it's crazy because he is my clone, right? So like he's able to take off a lot of the times when I'm not, you know, we have different shifts. I go to sleep really late making sure the video's up and it's, you know, ready to be posted. Um he wakes up early, meets with the team, has him go through this. I go in and I come in and I make like okay we're not going to be able to do this because of this this or here's how we can improve it. So he gets a lot of the base work done but it's really really amazing how like I was able to train him up indirectly. So, okay, like
[30:00] I can just find like multiple people, six other people in every aspect, directing, filming, um another talent, um another producer, an editor, uh just pretty much every single aspect that we're heavily involved in, train them up, and free up my time. cuz if he was able to do it, I'm sure I can find someone who seems like the perfect candidate that I get along with that is very smart, that is hardworking, that wants it as well, who's going to be here long term. Found those people over the
[30:30] last few months and those people are here every single day, kind of just understanding my thought process, and you know, there are pretty much many versions of us that's able to make decisions and kind of just really really bring up my time. And that's one of the things I want to do this year so we can focus on like other big projects that we have. Yeah, I feel that on uh such a deep level because you know as we're growing our team I'm realizing onetoone meetings are not enough to try to train new people like shadowing and them spending time because like I'll even get
[31:00] questions like it's like wait what John why did you make this decision or why did you do that and it's only because you know by spending time around in those down moments that you could do that. I did want to ask though why not just go solo? Why not just go solo? Yeah. Why didn't you just go on your own like and and not be the twins, just be as an identical twin? I even went to the I had opportunities to go like I had a full ride to go to multiple like super good colleges, even an Ivy League as well. And I just didn't want to be away from him. Like, you know, we're twin
[31:30] brothers. Like we're pretty much like bonded together since birth. We've never spent more than a day apart. And the first time that happened was I think four years ago on our birthday. We finally spent a day apart. Yeah. he his um ex-girlfriend, they were, you know, he they went somewhere and I was, "Oh my god, it's our first day that we're spending apart from each other." So, um I just we were kind of inseparable. I didn't want to do it without him. And I knew that I couldn't do it myself. I needed that support. I knew it was going
[32:00] to be a struggle and I unfortunately I we did I dragged him into it with me in the beginning, but I definitely wouldn't have been able to do it without him. So, I just needed that like person that was the closest to me to help me do what we do. That's beautiful. How did you feel during those early years? Do you think he was crazy? Well, it's I I have to say because right before social media, his uh obsession was us making it into the NBA. Really? So, we were just, you know,
[32:30] doing all these basketball training programs, uh, uh, jump manual programs, you know, and just like vigorously training. Yes. And then I just knew that dream wasn't going to be, you know, super realistic. And then I thought this was another one of his crazy endeavors. So, I was like, hey, like I get like, you know, we could probably make a honest living out of it, but hey, like why not just do what's safe? And you know, we're already two years in college and we're going to be the goal is to be
[33:00] doctors, right? And I had people in my ear too tell me, "Hey, like your brother's freaking crazy. Like don't do what he's doing. Just play it safe and do this and this." And I'm I'm always like the safe person kind of guy. And he's definitely the one he's like, "Hey, like he's the risky kind and he wants to take risks, try new things." So yeah, that was like the only thing I would say that was a little bit different about us. And yeah, so I just didn't think it was everything we've accomplished,
[33:30] everything that's happened. I wouldn't have imagined, you know, in a million years, like in my wildest dreams, that we would have come this far and achieved all this. It's really we we don't really spend as much time talking and looking back and reflecting how we were able to do what we did. Um, some of our favorite things, like probably our favorite thing growing up back then, like just picking up a camera, recording random stuff, just beating each other up on a trampoline, things like that, goofy moments, and just being able to actually turn that, monetize that, and make that
[34:00] into like a full-time job, and just be able to make videos on the internet, you know, as and create this whole business out of it. It's kind of wild, but yeah. How do you guys divide up responsibilities now? Well, I do everything now. He likes to say that. He likes to say that I was I got a little sick the last few weeks. So he's like, "Oh, you don't do anything anymore. In the beginning you did, but now you don't." Uh yeah. So I would definitely say like we literally like if he's awake, we have
[34:30] like a list of things that we know to get done with each other. We like one of the things is like every day I try to get some training in, right? I'm trying to train up like filmers as well cuz like you know I can't The reason why I'm not in a lot of scenes is because like I'm behind the camera filming and directing. I trust no one but myself. So you're literally holding holding the camera. Oh, I'm holding the camera and then like I'll like set on a tripod just run into the scene or like have one of my friends hold it and be like, "Hey, just hold it like this. If I move, please follow the camera." I'm like, if I'm like pointing at like if I'm pointing at this mosswis, whip it to the
[35:00] mosa. And like they don't do and I'm like, dude, like if I'm pointing at something, you know that you you should whip it to that. So, um, yeah, now I spend a good amount of my day just like training up people, uh, along with like, you know, other things, right, to prepare for where it's like, hey, uh, we're going to work on a script from this and this time. We're going to work on a thumbnail from this to this time. We're going to take the thumbnail at this time. We're going to do video notes at this time. We're going to do voiceovers at this time. We're going to
[35:30] film these five videos the next day, these five shorts. Uh, we're going to film our long form video over the weekend and we still need to go to this location to check it out to see if this is the right location for it. Um, I'm going to hop on the phone with the contractor, tell them, hey, this is what these are the tools that I'm going to need to build my video. Um, and then I'm going to run through the team of like the script like, hey guys, this is what you're this is your role in the video. This is your lines here. This is what
[36:00] we're doing. Depends on a video honestly, right? But yeah, we have a list of huge responsibilities and like I'm not just saying this like we can pretty much read each other's minds like we know exactly what to do without telling each other. So like it's we have a notes thing where we kind of go through have like a little checklist but we technically don't need it. Like you know he goes through and runs people through and if I see he's already taking care of the video I'm going to run through take care of production. So, it's it's amazing having that and I'm like, "Okay, let me get a few more of those to kind of where we only have to do one thing and then I can finally
[36:30] maybe play basketball more, maybe make the NBA." Uh, that dream's not over. Maybe if I was like 68, but um um what was the biggest disagreement you guys have gotten into? Disagreement? We don't I don't think You guys don't disagree. I don't think we've ever we've never gotten into a fight before. Like, I've never got into Never gotten into a fist fight before. worst that happens is on the basketball court. I'm like, "Why'd you shoot that three? I was open." Like, that is the worst that's ever happened. There's never been a disagreement about the creative
[37:00] direction of a video. Nope. I mean, we we we get really, you know, when we talk like I I try not to ever yell. I don't think I've ever yelled or cussed or like Well, of course I cuss, but like I'm not going to cuss at someone and just kind of yell at the top of my lungs. I think that's maybe happened like once or twice my entire life, but I really try to make it a rule to never get to that point because there I always think there's just if the goal is to get something done, there's you don't screaming versus not screaming and arguing isn't going to change the outcome. So that's just the
[37:30] way I always think I try to be more patient, you know, on days where he's not as uh when I know he's in that mood and he's groggy, he's not feeling well, I know to not like step on his toes. I know, hey, it's okay. Like, don't worry about it. I'll give him his space. I'll go and figure it out without him. And I think so, I genuinely mean we don't really ever fight and ever uh yeah, of course, we have small disagreements, but hey, like why this? Why that? Hey, Alex, come on. Like, you're being you're not
[38:00] focusing right now. Let's come over here. What's taking you so long? But it's never like what the f like are you doing you you know? Yeah. It's it's funny because we've never been into a fight with each other. never been in a fight in real life ever either. So, we're just very very non-confrontational to each other. Yeah. And it's uh it's hilarious because everyone thinks like we always fight. They're like, "Oh, you're twins. You have to fight. I fought with my sibling." And I'm like, "No, like the worst we've done is just like maybe I'll just call him d call him a dumbass on a basketball court for like
[38:30] the worst it's ever gotten honestly is on the basketball court where he does something dumb and that's it." And it's just like a thing or two like why'd you do that? That's real. Yeah. Funny. I was interviewing Dude Perfect and even they talked about disagreements they had and like they're five guys who aren't related but they've spent so much time together that they are like brothers. You guys are literally brothers and yeah it's interesting to hear. Um I'm wondering were were tensions high after you made that fake robbery video? Like can you tell me about that because you guys have like done a lot and turned things around since then. Like tell me
[39:00] about the fake robbery video. You guys got arrested. Is that right? Um and like like tell me about like that. So So wait, Alex. Yeah. I guess what do you think happened? You said you would love I would love to hear like what you think happened and I can we can we have not been able to talk about it. It was one of the things that were a that was able to get us remonetized and I'm not even sure if us talking about it could get us demonetized. Okay. I'm not sure. But um what I'd love to hear from your perspective like what do you think
[39:30] happened? We'll tell you exactly what happened. Yeah. Yeah, it seemed like you guys like faked a robbery, the police got involved, you guys got taken in, then YouTube got involved, and then they demonetized your channel, but set the record straight. Tell me if I'm wrong there in that recollection or if there's something that the public doesn't know. Yeah. Well, right off the bat, nothing happened until two years later, and there wasn't an arrest or anything. Uh, we got off with a warning because we explained how So, it's funny because I I called a week before um the Irvine
[40:00] Police Department. how, hey, we're going to be doing this video um where we're kind of just walking up to people in like ski mask or like just asking them directions for the bank and once they tell us the directions as we're having this mid-con conversation, I'll be putting on a ski mask and just walking away after they give me the directions. I'll come back like two, three minutes later with a duffel bag full of fake money and try to give them their share just to just to get a reaction, right? That was the main premise of the prank and I thought it would be super helpful and to kind of think ahead and be like, "Hey, like maybe someone could call the
[40:30] cops over this." So, we I called the Irvine Police Department um the week before. I called them the day before and the day of to let them know, hey, we're going to we're shooting this prank on this day. And you proactively reached out to police. Yeah, we even talked to spoke to a dispatcher. We talked to the um the campus police cuz there's we also shot it at um University of Irvine. They have their own police department there as would talk to them, talk to beforehand just cuz we've seen the video online multiple times and they call like
[41:00] anytime the cops like come in they're oh yeah hey you're the guy that we received the call on and I was like oh like we should probably call too like yeah it's a no-brainer to like call so they don't you know they don't waste their resources waste their time and that's pretty much what we did. We even called like during the pranks. Hey, we're still going on. We said it was going to be for an hour but it's going to be about 2 hours. Oh yeah yeah yeah of course. You know talking to multiple people about it on the phone with the police on the phone on the phone with the police. emergency non-emergency number talking to the police and we're not on the phone with 911 that's dispatch we're on the phone with the actual police department
[41:30] their office talking to multiple people and you know we have the whole like body cam of even the calls as well just to keep us protected and pretty much we were like I said I would go to bus stops where it made sense for the people to still be there a few minutes later and just kind of mess with them like he said it was I would go up to them and be like hey where's the nearest bank at and I'm I'm in full black right And a ski mask. Not a ski mask yet. So like I'm there's h I think there's one. And as I'm like listening in on your conversation where
[42:00] the nearest bank is I'm like putting on my gloves and he's like why is this person putting on gloves? And they're making super funny faces. Yeah. It's right down there. All right. And I'm I'll be like, "All right, throw on my mask. Thank you." And they'll be like, "Wait, did I just give a guy directions to the bank to rob the bank?" So I would walk down the street like just maybe like 50 feet away, come back 3 minutes later with a duffel bag all calm and be like, "Hey, would have never been able to do it without you. Here's your shirt." No man, I don't want any of that. Like and some of them would know
[42:30] it was a joke. It was like very to the camera too and let them know. Be like and some of the Hey, I know you're recording, man. I see the cameraman up there. I'm like, "Dang it." Like, but yeah, where it got where it got out of hand was it was outside of our apartment. And let me I just want to preface this by saying we were never near a bank at all. Never even near a bank. The nearest bank was I believe 2.3 miles away. There wasn't that scene where you guys were going down the stairs. That's the un that's outside the community center at the univers at the college. Yeah. That's not a bank. That's a lecture hall. That clip was that was
[43:00] taken by the news. Yeah, that's the lecture hall where we ran down where it made it look like a bank for the intro shot. So that it just we're okay. What's a good intro? Make it seem like we're actually running up a bank like in the Joker. the Joker making a bank heist. So, okay, this building looks like a art like a old ancient bank. So, we it's actually like I think the auditorium. So, we ran out of the auditorium for that opener shot, clipped together multiple scenes to make it look like that one take. When we did that initial rundown, there was I don't think there
[43:30] was that many people there, but the second angle we made it seem like there was a lot of people that were running through because it's a different background. So, like it was a bunch of clips like shots clipped together. But regardless, the opener shot was outside the um auditorium. So the nearest bank was like I believe from the college was like a few miles away from our apartment was like two something miles away. So we were nowhere near a bank. And like that's if it's going to be near a bank like not only am I not going to do that for my own safety, but also for like other people's safety as well. But yeah,
[44:00] we were the part that I think a lot of people saw and got upset about was we were outside. It was different segments of the prank, right? Like that first segment was I told you asking people for directions to the bank. That's the first segment. Second segment and that's as far as we got to was we were outsider um we would call an Uber and run into the Uber with duffel bags outside of our apartment, right? So we would get these Uber drivers to show up and we would already be running into the car with duffel bags and we only did it to one Uber driver. We ran in and I was like go
[44:30] go go and are you Allan? Yeah, I'm Allan. I gotta go, man. and like, you know, just kind of making it seem like it's an emergency. And he was like, the Uber driver, you could tell he really wasn't messing with the prank. He was like, um, I don't feel safe. Get out of the car. And I was like, oh man, really? He was like, yeah, please get out. Immediately got out of the car. They had a We have the whole thing on like it's recording the whole time. Immediately got out of the car. And what ended up happening was the Newport police responded to it. So, you know, you were in Irvine. Yeah, we're in But we live
[45:00] like next to John Wayne Airport, which is like Yeah. 2 miles away from Newport as well. So a different police department responded to it and they sent out like a patch of like I from my memory the Newport police got involved in it and then Irvine police also got involved in it as well going like hey like what like what is this prank came up to us and told us hey the Uber driver could have been pulled over at gunpoint. Um, so it's a very dangerous prank what you're doing. Also, like you're putting your life at the line. And pretty much like one of them recognized us and was
[45:30] like, "Hey, like I see the videos you guys make and one of the people is actually the people that we spoke to there as well." So, long story short, that was filmed two years ago. And then two years later, like we randomly see a press release going like, "Hey, like the DA is going to come after the Stokes Twins for doing this robbing a bank." And there were all these headlines that we saw where it was like, you know, I get it. It's the news. They're like all trying to out clickbait each other. One news station said we went inside a bank,
[46:00] shot it up, and then said it was a prank. We have people saying we pulled the Uber driver, held the Uber driver at gunpoint. Um, and at the end of the day, like YouTube demonetizes over it all over the press coverage. Over the press coverage. We never went, we never never approached by the police. The only time we were approached by arrested. No, no, we were never approached by the police other than inside the prank when the Newport police showed up was like, "Oh, like one of them recognizes." Oh, it's you guys. Like, and then one I believe he was like more of a senior officer. He wasn't part of the call, but he was like, "Hey, like can I speak to you
[46:30] candidly? Like what you're doing is stupid, you know, like you're putting your life at the line. You could be putting other people's life at the line." Like, and also that's for other YouTubers to think that's a piece of content that's okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. Of course. Of course. And and yeah, I just know I just remember seeing that press release. YouTube, we immediately got demonetized from YouTube. They wanted to charge us with uh kidnapping an Uber driver. Um which I was like, okay, holding an Uber driver hostage. I was like, okay, like they're never going to be able to get that
[47:00] footage. But they really really wanted that. They really really wanted that. And YouTube was like, hey, like that's a felony charge. We're not going to remonetize you with a felony. like even as like an alleged felony. Yeah. So, the only way you can get out of it is it's a misdemeanor. So, we I was like, "Hey, I'm innocent. I'm going to take this to trial." Yeah. They kept filing motions to like delay it. And after 6 months, I was like, "This is during co This is during co by the way, like this is postco." And we didn't film a prank during co we filmed it way it was like I
[47:30] want to say seven years ago when we filmed a prank. It was one of our first pranks we ever filmed. And basically during during COVID, every single time they filed a motion, it would push the court date back by like 3 to 6 months. And they just kept doing it repeatedly because they didn't want us to be monetized on YouTube. Not the DA didn't. Why? Why? Why did Why would the DA have they wanted to send an example? The Neelk boys also lived in Irvine and they were also like doing prankster as well. Like they were the whole like they brought they even brought the milk boys during like the deposition stuff like or
[48:00] our lawyer would be like, "Hey, this guy's after the Milk Boys as well. They want to set an example that Irvine's going to be safe. there's going to be no pranksters in Irvine. Yeah. Because Irvine's like, you know, regarded as one of the safest cities in the world. So, they wanted to keep that reputation. They wanted to set the president, hey, if you're going to mess around in Irvine, we're going to lay down a law on you. So, they want really wanted to make an example out of YouTubers. So, unfortunately, that happened to be us. But after the motion got filed like three different times, we were demonetized for six months. I was like,
[48:30] "Hey, like if this goes to trial, even though I know we'll be proven innocent, it's going to take two years to get to trial. I we're not making a dime off of YouTube. We're not making a dime off of Instagram." And that's during the same time period when I had our thumbnail guy like um you know, just put our face at everything was hitting at once. So, we were like, "Dang, like we're just trying to like you know, have a little bit of leftover money trying to cut down on the costs." Um, we even let go like, you know, one guy because we couldn't afford him because we were didn't make a dime at the time. So, we were AdSense was the
[49:00] main way you guys were making money. We were Yeah, that's the only way we made our money. So, we just I just didn't think it would take that long. So, we Hey, it made more sense to um take a plea deal and not wait 2, three years when it goes to trial, even though we will win. And it was just kind of sitting there goes like, "But we're pleading guilty to something we didn't do, but we definitely needed the money to like be able to make money again from YouTube because that's our only source of income." So, because taking the plea would mean that the like demonetization
[49:30] would be lifted sooner. Yes. Cuz we would plead down to a misdemeanor. That's what they were I think they've never lost the case, the DA, and he wanted to keep a perfect record. So, technically by us pleading guilty, it would mean that he won the case. So basically that's that was their game plan. They wanted to say like, "Hey, like we got you. Anyone else who's going to do this, same thing is going to happen to you." And yeah, I guess fast forward like when we did plead guilty, we had to plead guilty to I believe it
[50:00] was reporting a false emergency, which isn't what we did. They said that we called the cops to get the cops to show up for the video so the video would seem more epic. We never did that. It's the our neighbor called the cops, you know, thinking that oh, like what's going the Uber driver is doing something weird. There's a sketchy there's a sketchy Uber driver because but you guys get driver. The getaway driver. Yeah, the getaway but you guys were there with a mask with money. Like he had a reason to be alarmed. Yeah. So we we told all these people it was a prank afterwards, too. It's not like we tell them and they just like wander off on the end of the day
[50:30] like, "Oh my god, like does someone just rob a bank?" Like we tell these people it's a prank. But yeah, long story short, we plead guilty and we were remonetized on YouTube. But the press that was there was like a second round of press that was like Stokes Twins plead guilty to uh robbing a bank. Stokes twins plead guilty to uh reporting a false emergency. It's just, you know, these headlines really all trying to like out clickbait each other. But I, you know, looking back at it, it is a dumb prank to do. But we did take the, you know, proper
[51:00] precautions, you know, like considering other people safety, our own safety. Um, you know, I believe that parts of the video were harmless. And I believe that parts of the video, like getting into the Uber driver, like it could scare the Uber driver, right? But like as far as going up to someone, asking for directions to the bank, like I think that part was like pretty lighthearted. And I just do not like how it was really really spun out of proportion on us walking inside a bank shooting it up. Um then you know there's that whole like
[51:30] before that there's this whole stigma of like YouTubers it's a prank bro it's just a prank bro you can get away with anything and you know that's definitely not what happened but at the same time too was something very dumb that we did but yeah definitely way blown out of proportion and we definitely definitely paid a price for it. Yeah. And yeah, you know, to this day like gave us a lot of to think about when we were demonetized. Yeah. Obviously that uh like bank robbery prank was dumb and like um but you're saying like there's nothing else
[52:00] that happened there that no like like false reporting an emergency like you guys. Yeah. They were saying that we called 911 to get the cops to show up. Uh wasting resources for like, you know, obviously an intro shot of a video where like we're robing outside a bank and there's you guys were running like out of a university. Now everybody thought it was a bank. Everyone thought it was a bank for Yeah. And it's what we wanted for the entertainment, right? Like you know the the the Joker driving the bus out of the bank like that's an amazing shot, right? Like and you see the cops
[52:30] chasing him right after him. Oh wow, that's such a great hook to the opener of a movie. We were trying to recreate that as well where it's like we're running out of a bank um you know a fake bank, but obviously um that's what people thought that we were doing by they said that we called the cops to have them show up to the scene when we called the cops to let them know multiple days before, hey, we're doing a prank. This is my full name. This is how we look like. You know, just talk to multiple people about it. Just kind of so they didn't waste their resources.
[53:00] But unfortunately, that is something we had to plead guilty to. And why not why not address it? Because like hearing your side like when I was trying to research for this interview like it's all their side, you know, like everything I found like they're taking your clips like I know again the context of it and and and the prank was like, you know, it's it's it's a like it's pretty dumb prank, but but like hearing you explain it, I have more of an understanding that I didn't and you guys have such a huge platform like why not come out and be like exactly what you said like there there's more nuance to it. I I really believe in like well to
[53:30] me like I think it's more so like not reliving the past. I think when I'm repeating it like I try to move on with my life cuz like if I'm just dwelling on the past I feel like I'm missing like the present in the future and it's just to me like reliving that just reminds me of a really crappy time in my life and I just I just personally don't like to talk about we're super private people too. Yeah. And it's just I just I'm just not the kind of person to share overshare. I feel like we're just we're creators. We just want to make
[54:00] entertaining videos and it's just not something I think I it's like worth like sharing even like I don't really there's a lot of things people don't know about us, right? So that's just we're super like honestly we're very introverted. were private people and me I just my personal choice was to just not even you know like me like I'm kind of against him sharing this whole story too cuz like I'm just kind of reliving everything. It's kind of like making me feel a little bit like weird. So it's
[54:30] just like I definitely don't um like reliving the past if that makes sense because it really takes away um from my main focus in the future. But of course it's like one of these things where it's like oh like why not address it? Cuz I really, me personally, like I don't care if people like I'm not over here trying to impress like a random neighbor going, "Oh, so you didn't rob the bank. You want to come in and have coffee? Hell yeah. Now I just made a new friend. Like I don't really care." I appreciate you guys even talking about it. Like I I know that's hard. I also think people who haven't heard your side
[55:00] of it are going to think differently about it. Um and uh I I think the more remarkable thing is like how far you guys have come since then, you know, and like what you built and like looking around. Um, was there a moment after that you're like, "Okay, things are turning around, like we're really like on the up and up." Like we talked about like that moment. Um, yeah. I mean, when we were demonetized, like I feel like the smart thing to do would have been like, "Hey, look, let's post on other other platforms to make money." Yeah. But to us is it wasn't like about making money with YouTube. Like we genuinely
[55:30] love making YouTube videos. Like when I say like we love making videos, we genuinely do. So, it's like we just wanted to like keep posting for our audience. And also, even though at that point you weren't making money, we weren't making a dime. We consistently still posted um a week. And of course, we had to scale back on a few things and kind of cut out like, you know, costs and, you know, be more hands-on. And I think that's also what taught us to be a lot more hands-on. Yeah. As well, like every single little uh part of the way.
[56:00] But no, I I definitely think um that situation just it you know gave us a lot of perspective and we kind of like figured out hey like what do we do? Do we still keep posting videos? And you know that conversation was had but I was like absolutely like we love posting videos like why would we stop? We posted videos when we were like little kids without making any money like I love posting videos why would we stop? So, of course, like you know, it was never about the money to us. It was more so like the
[56:30] passion and making videos. And that just I just didn't want that to stop like at all. So, that was um definitely something that I remembered and just wanted to like keep doing. Or tell me about that day where you guys were remonetized again and like thinking about like, you know, using that money to build the team and like like almost like the next chapter of the Stokes Twins. How guys, how were you guys thinking about that after you got your monetization back and Oh, I mean, right when we were remonetized, I think you can see like the huge spike in views where it's like, you know, right
[57:00] now we we're we're costefficient when it comes to like certain things, but back then we were to the point where it's like, hey, like we could use couple hundred, couple thousand dollars extra to make this more, you know, epic. And I believe a few months after we were um remonetized, I think our views like 5xed and it's just It was definitely uh we definitely used a lot of you know we didn't stop posting obviously so we were getting better each video and then
[57:30] when we combined that with you know thinking of hey how do we actually elevate this video by spending more like just figuring out like what exactly can we do to make it like elevate this piece of content for the viewer. Yeah. The main thing is we were just able to kind of like, you know, if we wanted to get uh we we got this Kevin Hart voice imitator who was going viral on Tik Tok, we flew him out to be in our video. And that's something we wouldn't have been able to afford at the time when we were demonetized. So, we were just kind of posting as normal, but we were able to
[58:00] do like, hey, like we can finally go to the trampoline park, rent the trampoline park out or uh get this actor to come out here and be in our video, right? So we were just posting like everything was normal and you know we just like I said we didn't think too much of it. We just wanted to move past it. It was a very hard time in our life. So we definitely posted like nothing ever happened. So just scaled up in a way that we weren't able to beforehand financially. Yeah. Uh I want to ask about a big turning point
[58:30] in February of 2024 because I pulled up this graph that I want to share with you guys. For years, you were getting like a few million views per day, and then in February 2024, it skyrocketed to you guys averaging 50 million views per day. What What happened? What What changed? View bots. I'm joking. You're not. Okay, now it sounds suspicious, Alex. I thought you Okay. Well, our goal like for every year is to try something new. And originally in 2023
[59:00] going into 2024, we wanted to try to globalize our content more. And we always thought we our content really appealed to mass audience. And I know like uh with that in mind, we definitely wanted to try dubbing and making our content more globalized. Well, tell tell me about So, how did you make it more globalized? Because I think dubbing a lot of people know about like what did you guys do to like did you guys like try to speak less in your videos or like what what else did you because that's that's a crazy jump. I definitely want
[59:30] to say that we filmed some videos that were very targeted towards dubbing, which was like which country has the best school lunch. Um, uh, which country country competes for this that where it's just more like appealable on the homepage. When you see it, you're a new follower from like a different country. And I definitely would say like our content is a little bit more globalized, right? I feel like if you look at what videos are doing well globally, I feel like challenges play a huge part of that. Um, vlogs, pranks, that definitely
[60:00] plays like a huge part in it as well. That along with um I do want to mention that we also got a new editing team as well, right? So literally we got a new editor in February who kind of really understood like our vision, what we wanted to do in the videos, someone who specialized a little more in editings, graphics, uh VFX, 3D and he was really help able to help us storytell our videos a lot better on the way that we wanted to um you know better retention, better storytelling, better graphics,
[60:30] really elevating our video to like the next level. So I think that combined with like dubbing tracks really really helped um with the huge boost in views as you can see. Yeah. And then just around this time, like another graph that I thought was fascinating was your subscriber count. This is from view stats. You guys jumped from around 15 million subscribers around February 2024 to again 110 million because of all the things you said, which is fascinating to see. Yeah. You said from 15 million. Yeah. 15 million to 111. Wait, so we've grown 100 million subscribers this year? I had no clue. I mean, wait, look at
[61:00] your Can you pull up your YouTube studio? I had no clue we grew that much. Oh my god. I really didn't know. I had no clue. Wow. I had no clue that we were Yeah. Look at Look at your past year, your past 365 days. Jeez. 85 million. 85.3 million in last 365 days. Wow. Oh my god. Okay. Well, I thought it was the number was closer to 50 cuz I we don't we don't really necessarily other stats on there that like kind of jump out on your YouTube studio. Can you share your AdSense? Oh, AdSense.
[61:30] I mean, it's amazing how far you guys have come. Like I I want you to guess what her ass is. Man, you guys are It's It's so interesting because it's like I feel like you guys are doing crazy views, but I also wonder wonder about the CPMs. Yeah, the January. Let's keep that in mind, too. January. Well, for the Okay, the last 365 days. Um Oh, last 365 days. Last 365 days. Oh, god. Wait, do we want to just throw that out there for the world to know? Over uh 10 million. 10 million. Under five million.
[62:00] 5 million. Uh 2.5 million. 2.5 million. Yeah. So on AdSense alone, he's joking. I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm joking. No, but it's under 10 million in between five million. Five. Five to 10 million. Between 5 to 10 million in AdSense last year. Yeah. Wow. That's wild. That's wild. Yeah. How does that feel like making5 to$10 million on YouTube AdSense alone after coming from, you know, basically being home? Wow. Like we it's honestly like a blessing. like we love
[62:30] what we do and just being able to like do wake up every day, you know, have like obviously we have a huge passion for what we do. It's like, you know, there's people always ask me like, "Oh, do you need a do you need time off?" I'm like, "No, like I I love doing this. This is my hobby. This is like my joy." So to be able to make a living out of this and that much of a living from it is just truly a blessing. So it's it's incredible. Incredible. It's incredible. Can you tell me about your time in AMP, the creator collective founded by Brent Rivera? You guys were part of that. you guys made videos with him and his crew
[63:00] for many years. Rewind the clock like why did you guys join that group instead of you know making content on your own? Yeah. Um I think that takes us back to like I guess during that time when we first came out here trying to make it on our own. Um I believe this was like even I think this was 6 months after we did try to do social media on our own. Um we were obviously uh we were homeless. we needed like um support and after like our first like breakthrough like Instagram videos, Instagram pictures
[63:30] that really went viral, Brent stumbled upon some of them along with other creators, right? Um you know, there were like multiple people who were like popular at the time. Uh shoot like pretty much like all of them like approached us at the time. Like who? Um like this is Jake Paul Team 10 era, right? Yeah. It's just more so like a lot of groups approached us. They were in your DMs offering you deals to sign with them. Yes. Yes. And even handing us contracts, but the one that made the most sense to us at the time
[64:00] was AMP. And you know, we signed with them hopefully wanting to get, you know, you know, like a place to stay, uh, like a content group to film with. And at the end of the day, it's just, you know, our time there, we did learn a lot, like, you know, seeing another creator who had done it for all these years. And definitely we were able to kind of see and learn and almost felt like an internship, right? where I'm able to be, oh my god, this is the whole creator economy. This is what creators do. This is how creators mingle, like these are how creators interact with other creators. This is how they make
[64:30] content and this is how they think. And I was able to kind of see what I liked and what I didn't liked. And I guess after a few years, uh, we just, you know, wasn't the right fit for us. And we kind of, we're more so lone was. We like thinking our own. We like doing things on our own. We like having our own team, own people that we can train up, which is why we have such a lean team. But yeah, at the end of the day, we kind of um you know, it was a definitely a great learning experience from them and we were kind of able to take that and apply that knowledge to like our parts of like what we do and
[65:00] yeah, I think we were with them for roughly two years. Three years. Three years around three years. Yeah. What was the most surprising thing you guys learned during that time? How much money you can make from social media? Really? Yeah. How much Yeah. How like this is an actual living, right? Like ways to monetize like through content, right? Like, you know, I always associated I always thought like, you know, you just kind of do it and you have followers and you only make money from brands, but there's monetization from YouTube, there's uh brand deals you can get from
[65:30] Instagram, there's brand deals you can get from Tik Tok. And just being able to like see that really was like, oh my god, this is a you can make a real living off of this. And that's precisely what we did with it. What was the offering like what what did like a lot of a lot's been said about like these creator groups like like some are super helpful, some are not. they sell you a big dream? Like what what did they offer you? Did they say we're going to put you in this many cross promotions of other people in the group who have tens of millions of followers? Did they say we're going to source brand deals for you? Like what what made you guys say
[66:00] like, "Oh, this is going to help us versus doing it on our own." Because obviously right now you guys are super successful as lone wolves. Yeah, I mean that's precisely what it is. Uh there's a group of people um that you can like collaborate with, you know, other creators or other people that will be under Brent um like Lexi and Ben. Um, yeah, those people where you can kind of just like collaborate with them, make content with them, you know, kind of, you know, and just hang out with them as friends, right? And also there is like a manager um that Brent had who
[66:30] would source us deals if the opportunity ever came. And I think that right there was very very appealing to us. We were like, okay, like we would have access to Brent to help us grow. We would have um access to a manager to get us some deals. And that at the end of the day was like, "Okay, this makes most most sense for us." Yeah. And I guess culturally like, you know, we don't drink, we don't like do smoke or any of that. And he was the same way. And the bunch of other groups, they're very into like party heavy. So that's just wasn't
[67:00] like that's not what I was trying to do. I've never really enjoyed that. And when I saw that my vision was align, Brent's vision was also that, I was like, "Oh my god, like I want someone who's going to help us grind." So that's what ended up making us go with Brent. Not necessarily like the brand deals, people inside of it, but just his goals and the kind of person he was. Yeah. Where it's just like we're going to grind. We're going to do this. We're going to do that and I'm going to learn a lot from it. So that's what made us go with him. Yeah. You can add Oh, yeah. Just like the ecosystem having creators there and just
[67:30] surrounding yourselves with people who also want to make content as well. Just like taking as an opportunity to learn and use others to kind of be in, you know, help them and vice versa. just kind of I just thought like the ecosystem there was definitely appealing and yeah, we definitely learned a lot from that. So that was one of the main reasons why. Yeah. What was the trade-off like what cut did they take of your revenue? I do not think we're allowed I don't think we're allowed to share that. Yeah. I mean, is is it would
[68:00] it like just do you want to know personally or I mean, I'm just curious because I know a lot of creators who enter these agreements and some are really happy with it, but some like become too big for what they initially agree to leads to resentment. So, I'm just curious like um yeah, it's just complicated a lot of these deals, but you don't have to share the numbers. No, of course. Like, so whenever money gets involved, I feel like everyone that's when things it always gets messy. And of course when you're like going into at such a such a young age like people do
[68:30] have resentment but you know as you get older you realize hey like everyone's living life for the first time. We're all learning and I just don't really hold any bad blood for anyone in that regard. But yeah it's just it got to a point where the money u we were splitting just didn't make sense at all because we were um really operating outside of not really utilizing their resource resources or their team. And it just made so much more sense to kind of have things um build our own schedule, build our own team. Yeah. And just kind
[69:00] of uh go from there. But of course, you know, we things we learned there and all that was definitely uh super valuable. Yeah. And I think there's a lot to be said about like these content houses like you know Team 10, AMP um they've been around YouTube for a while but I think a lot of people think like oh the members of those groups like they have to be members of that group for life but that's not true. I view them more as like Saturday Night Live you know like SNL you guys come in you're like there for a bit and then you go on your own
[69:30] and you graduate which it sounds like you guys have done. Yeah. Yeah. I think the difference between like the group that we were in versus like them um I think they all get like uh have like a certain ownership of the channel where it's like you know if they leave they kind of don't get that anymore right like yeah they all get like a certain percentage of the channel. Wait they all get rev. Yeah it's all like split like pretty evenly I think. Oh interesting. I don't know if that's still the case anymore with like a lot of these like groups that have been around. I'm not going to name any specific ones, but
[70:00] obviously, you know, when you're when you own a certain percentage of like, you know, a successful channel, like it would be not a wise move to leave. Unless you're unless you have like your own channel that is more successful that, hey, if I dedicated more of my time to my own channel, I could be making this much more and I would be, you know, more so free and doing what I love to do and make more money, which ultimately is what happened to us. Yeah. And it just made more sense for us to do our own thing, have our own schedule, have our own team and not be tied down to like their schedule and like appear
[70:30] in everyone's content because that would eat up a lot of our time. Like I was believed like we were not able to make like certain videos because of the fact that we had a certain schedule that we had to go to, had to make ourselves available for collaborations, like mandatory collaborations. So, at the end of the day, it made more sense for us to just kind of do off do our own thing, make our own videos, and just start up our own team. Yeah. So, that that makes sense. And and you know, Brent deserves a lot of credit for building that up and like a lot of people try, but he's done it um you know, with a lot of different
[71:00] creators and for many years now. So, um that's interesting like the economics of it. So, were you guys given like you don't have to say how much, but like a rev share of like other creators or that it it was just No, no, no. It was just uh you know everything that essentially we owned and created would be shared. Yes. Mhm. Got it. Got it. Like what's your relationship with Brent Rivera now? Uh we're still you know um you know like we I regularly text Ben. We you know we actually saw him at the spotter summit.
[71:30] We had some you know we created a lot of core memories together. Right. So it's just uh one of these things where you know just because we lost touch doesn't mean like there's any like bad blood. But with just when with any opportunities, yeah, I'm going to be excited to see like Ben or like someone else where it's hey like you know we we were both young experiences journey together and you know I'm of course I'm going to be excited to see someone who reminds me of my past and it's just yeah it's just one
[72:00] of these things where it's very uh reminiscing seeing how just reminds me of when we were times were more simple we were younger and you know we're also trying to learn and and do the same thing together. So, yeah. Yeah. Today, Forbes lists your net worth at $20 million. I would love to speak. Is that accurate or is your net worth higher, lower? Like what do you think about that number? If you want to like like I guess calculate accum like accumulative earnings like everything we've earned, I would say
[72:30] it's accurate. But in terms of like liquid and all these things and fact that we like reinvest a lot of our um into like payroll into like a bunch of you know everything we have it's just I would say it's not accurate but it is accurate in terms of like everything I guess we've made in our lifetime like everything we've generated from AdSense or whatever what have you right but no in terms of like hey like let me buy a private jet like that kind of money I'm like nope
[73:00] That is not uh Yeah, it's not. Let's long story. It's not accurate. It's not accurate. It's not accurate. Yeah. Yeah. I wish I wish. Um how much are you guys spending per month? Because it seems like you're reinvesting a ton in your account. You mentioned payroll. Like I would love you to kind of just What do you think it is? What do I love this little pop quiz back and forth over $150,000 a month? That's our You think that's our um I guess on videos or everything just on video like um our team our payroll like how much
[73:30] money bank account every month on average? Oh on on leaves our bank account so everything in general right? Well like we don't ever like buy anything for ourselves. I think the suit was like the most expensive thing we bought for ourselves. No no no. Um yeah. So like we don't we don't have any designer stuff. We don't ever buy anything for ourselves at all. like given this is a very nice luxurious house but at the end of the day it's all for content right so um shoot like I don't want this number to be spun out of proportion but counting everything what
[74:00] leaves our bank account I would say 90 probably 908% of that is all in our business each year we probably spend around $10 million on our videos just to run everything yeah the last three years has Roughly that wait here I I want to make sure I heard that right. How much do you spend a year on videos? The last three years we spent roughly 30 million on our videos. So roughly 10 a year. Um some months it's like a million. Some months it's 500. Depends on Wow. Yeah. It's to
[74:30] me I'm like payroll. I sit down I sit down. I want to know what you're paying them. I open up I open up my own I look at the I look at my bank account. I'm looking off through all these like PDFs and I'm like, where in the hell am I spending this much money at? And I look down, I'm like, "Oh my god." Okay. Like, so to build this was like $22,000. Uh to to do this was like 15,000. Like, and I'm like, "Okay, like that really really
[75:00] adds up, right?" Like um and like I honestly like I thought a huge portion of that was like electricity. like electricity for this house is only like I think like what like under a,000 like electricity, water, all of that. It's like under a,000. So you'd imagine it's a lot more cuz it's a pretty big house. So I was like okay like I got to be spending this much on like electricity, water, gas, all of these things. But like I said like 98% of that is all like video costs, right? Like the team um we do have some very high level employees that we do pay like a premium rate to.
[75:30] Um and just you know uh video costs. Uh yeah, I would definitely say it's like um the payroll is definitely payroll is definitely like the biggest biggest chunk of it. And what's the rough makeup of your team? Mostly editors or I saw a ton of folks in there. I would say definitely the biggest cost is um editors. Yeah. uh then production then right now we have like I said like
[76:00] people that I'm training up as well and a lot of them are from like you know different parts of like the world so obviously having to pay for like their stay um you know food um their salary as well so I would definitely say payroll just payroll alone probably makes up four million a year probably for four to Yeah, I would say four million a year just payroll right now. And you're fueling this through YouTube AdSense purely AdSense. Well, how many I I
[76:30] looked through your past videos. I couldn't find a brand deal. Yeah. Like how many brand deals would you say you've done in the past three, four years? I think we've done maybe like three or four. One a year. Is that like cuz they're not coming in or because you guys aren't reaching out? I would definitely say like we turned down majority of the brand deals. I just kind of almost see it as like a I Okay, so it depends on if it's a good fit or not. We're very selective on who we work with. And I just almost view it as like, hey, if it's not a good fit, my fans are going to be it at oh like that's a
[77:00] obviously like when you put an ad in a video like people like to say like oh like this many people I'm able to do it like and keep this many people on. That's never the truth. Um, it's definitely like a lower point in the video and we're just super super critical in our videos and I know for a fact that hey like here's how much the brand deal is going to make me here's how much more I would make from the video if it were have to have if it were to have this watch time if it were to have this click-through rates um these
[77:30] analytics that and I kind of factor in okay over a fiveyear course like I maybe I'm making an extra this much money from the brand deal which counting factor my time communicating with the and doing this if it's not the right fit, it's not a right partnership, it's just almost not worth it to us. But given like we have been approached by like you know we have done like a few brand deals over the years that we think are good fits um as well. So it's just like I said it's I believe that right now we have a lot
[78:00] of fresh followers. We just grew a lot a lot and we have the trust of our followers. So not only do I want it to be a good fit for the brand. I don't want to disappoint the brand but I also don't want to disappoint my fans. I don't want to I don't want to just kind of force them to like, you know, sit through an ad read, you know, cuz that's the part I get most annoyed at in someone's video. I'm like, okay, like I'm fast forwarding that part. When I see it in other people's videos, but if it's the right fit, if it's an organic placement in a video, like absolutely that makes sense, right? So, that's the way we see it as. But, you know, over
[78:30] the last few months, we've pretty close to closing out like a few partnerships that I think definitely make a lot of sense in our content. So yeah, it's kind of just back to like us not thinking it's worth our time or not a great fit. What's the biggest brand deal you've said no to? Shoot. I think like 120 million. I'm making this up. Um that's Wait, that that's a good question. That's a very good question.
[79:00] Um cuz like all of this happened really recently like like our growth. So, of course, we have like new grades with, you know, I feel like we're worth. But the the the funny thing is a lot of these brands like when they come to us, they're like think that we're still at like 20 30 mil. Yeah. Like they don't know that in the last few nine months we've grown like 80 to 90 million subscribers. Right. So, they're like they don't know our views. They're like, "Oh, you guys are still getting 20 million views a video." Right. Like over time. and um averaged out like you know in the last I want to say last like 10
[79:30] 11 months like we're averaging close to 100 million views per video given give it like a few months but we've had a few like I would say like a seven figure deal where I'm like hey like like based on these posting requirements it just really wouldn't be worth my time and I don't think it's a great fit for like our audience either. So, we're just super super like selective with the brands and especially this year too when we do find that right brand and right partnership. We're also so hands-on in the creative process as well where it's hey like I know if this is going to be the right fit, we can create that
[80:00] spectacle and really drive um excitement about the product or whatever it is that we're trying to advertise. So, it's just more so like being careful about that because I just never at any point since we're so like hyper, you know, specific on like our retention. We just don't want any like low points. And if we can find a way to really think of a creative solution and hey, like we can find we can do like the ad read here or like a super organic placement right here throughout the videos. And just
[80:30] finding like the best conversion for us and for the brand is definitely uh something we're super focused on when it is when we do find like the right brand we do want to work with. I mean the way you guys think about retention is fascinating. I was watching a lot of your shorts and without fail you almost always have a call to action to subscribe. Um but it's well done. What's the most subscribers you've gotten from a short? Shoot. Oh um there's multiple ones where it's like over a million like from multiple ones. Yeah. Yeah. Um, how
[81:00] do you think about that? Cuz like it's almost like, you know, like you could take time for a brand deal, you could take time for your own call to action for subscribing. Like how do you think about um like breaking up the story to say subscribe or do you guys have any tips or tricks to integrate like the subscribe call to action in your shorts? Yeah, we typically try to tie it in with like what we're doing in the video, right? Like we went to this um park in the Philippines. It was it's called Dino Island. It's called Dino Island. And there's this like these dinosaurs bite
[81:30] you. This gorilla punches you right and it punches them in the face. And um pretty much I was like okay like punch that subscribe button. I mean like it's like feels like you know it's kind of like word play and it's oh my god like during the replay we're like you know saying like punch that subscribe button and it's just I feel like that's just more of like an organic fit where it's not like us after the video standing there going like hey thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure you're subscribed blah blah blah blah blah which is what we used to do. I was, "Oh my god, like why did no one watch that part? It's a huge dip." So, we just found ways to make it a
[82:00] little bit more organic. And it's like, it's not too much thought process of it, but like, you know, it depends on what we're doing, right? Like getting punched, punch that subscribe button. Um, it's just I just feel like it's just more word play and thinking of creative call uh ways for like calls to action as opposed to like just straight up saying subscribe. And I think that's like that's also important because when I'm watching something like that and let's say let's say like he filmed the shorts without me knowing I'll watch it I'm like oh like that didn't feel annoying that subscribe gimmick and vice versa
[82:30] like we're you know we'll watch and we're like okay that's more of like a self-aware sort of um call to action. We're just kind of putting that word in their head and you know of course it definitely converts a bit better for us versus not saying subscribe versus not saying subscribe is like like five times difference. Yeah. Let's say typically you only earn like 100,000 subscribers. Yeah. If you say subscribe, it can be anywhere between five to 10 times the difference. Oh wow. Literally just saying the word. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Or I mean not just straight up saying the word, but like if you find a really organic placement for it. That is
[83:00] I would say. Yeah. I pulled this video where I thought the intro was just a master class in getting people's attention. I was wondering if you could play it, pause it, break down what you guys did and have the script in front of you guys as well. Today I'm building a secret 7-Eleven in my room and hiding it from my twin brother. He says, "We don't look like twins anymore because of my recent weight gain." So, he started a 90day Okay, so first of all, the intro shot, right? So, we always think of a way to like All right, like first off, right? When you click on a video, like
[83:30] especially when it comes to secret room, we always think of all right, like what YouTubers haven't done like um certain like, you know, spots. For example, like the one we did with the five secret rooms, we were no one's ever done one underneath the floor under a bed or at least to my knowledge. So, we wanted to do that. So we're okay that's not only does that fit like okay that's super visual and that's something no one's ever done and that was the same thought process behind the intro shot for the uh 7-Eleven where it's oh it's a Mona Lisa painting something everyone you know and that's the part that's super important too where it's like it's not just a
[84:00] painting of a random person it's also something that people worldwide know about so when we're like right off the bat you're like okay like what is this and it's like a secret entrance to a 7-Eleven and 7-Eleven is also super global as So, it's like we're combining these things and really thinking like, okay, how do we get the hook? Like I mentioned that secret interest, oh my god, okay, that's super impressive. And then 7-Eleven, people are familiar with that. And you know, the weight gain, people always comment about like, okay, Alex is gaining a lot of weight. And
[84:30] it's Yeah, I was I was surprised you put that in the video. Like, there's been rumors you've been gaining weight also for like the retention jokes. Like, is there There's been rumors. I mean, I think it's it's not a rumor. It's all the comments. all the comments. I think I think it's the truth. You're gaining weight to increase your YouTube retention. Yes. No. No, of course not. No, it's just a it's you like that's a whole thing. You know, it's uh I definitely would say that it's really really um just the last 2020 2023
[85:00] to 2025 now. I you know, when you're your own boss, like you feel like you can never do enough work, right? and it's like, "Oh, I could work out or I could spend an hour improving my intro to my video or sitting there with the editors teaching them what I want um or training up a someone new and help have having them understand what it is that I do." And it's just like a never- ending um I feel like I never can do enough. And it's like, okay, like I'm my own limit, if that makes sense, right?
[85:30] However long I work, however much I work is going to be put back in a video. It's going to show in like the the views. It's going to show in like in our business. It's going to show in all those aspects. So, um I've kind of my health has kind of been like a side hustle to me recently to where I just kind of eat Postmates, eat Door Dash. It just comfort food. Yeah. Just it's just more convenient. It saves me time. I'm able to eat and talk as opposed to like cook my own food like I used to. And obviously when we were homeless, like there was no food to eat, right? So, I was a lot, you know, skinnier then.
[86:00] Wasn't able to. So, I've been introduced to a lot of uh amazing Postmates Door Dash food. And throughout the years, a lot of our fans have noticed like, hey, like they don't look like twins anymore. Like, and it did hurt my feelings initially, but now I kind of just play into it. I'm like, hey, like, you know, I don't, you know, I know I'm I know I'm fat now, so might as well just play into it. Um, you still look great, man. Yeah. Yeah. But tell me more about the intention be behind each of the words in each of the shots because I also saw this interesting post from Mario Juice
[86:30] who worked with you guys. Oh yes. Yeah. He said that um in his post he said you guys had 18page scripts for your videos where everything was thought out. So I know we're talking about the intro but like what's in those 18 page scripts that makes your videos go so viral? Yeah. I mean, it's just it comes ultimately from studying like our retention, right? With it's I I would say our best planned videos, the ones that have gotten the most viral are the ones where we're able to like capitalize on multiple times, right? Some videos are like oneoff. Uh you know, if we film
[87:00] a video that's a one out of 10 or like a two or three out of 10, we're probably going to plan like a part two or part three to that video, right? But if it's like a obviously 10 out of 10, like you know, we're going to kill it off. We're not going to do part two to that. But with the secret rooms, like I mentioned, that was such a huge one out of 10 for us where we were like, okay, like we're gonna have to make multiple series of this. Um, and from there, we're kind of just able to see like what people enjoyed in the video, what they didn't enjoy. And when you're able to study like a video and able to do it like five, six times, you can kind of the
[87:30] next by the time we do the next one, like I want it as perfect as possible. Yeah. And from because I'm able to see exactly what the audience is enjoying, what they're not enjoying, where they're clicking off at, we're able to write like the perfect script where it's like, okay, maybe they didn't care too much when I'm not making progress and finding my room. If I'm making a joke, too many jokes back to back, I got to cut that out. So when I walk in, I need to have intent on, okay, this is where I'm going to look first. And when I go and look
[88:00] for it, here's why it doesn't work. as opposed to just, you know, a lot of times when we like find these rooms, I genuinely want to build a secret room in a pool, but I'm not going to do that cuz it's too cold. And I'll say that in the video. Okay, I'm not going to do that. It's too cold. And you can see right through it. Yeah. So, like from there, I'm like, okay, like I'm peing the audience just like, is he going to build a secret room in a pool? That would be really, really cool. And we do a graphic of it and everything, but then not able to do it. So, I settled for a kind of a
[88:30] cool spot underneath the floor here, which that was a whole like cut into the marble, all of that stuff. Very expensive to do. I want to talk about the construction and like set building you guys do because it's insane. Um, but tell me about like like this video. Can you show me the retention graph? Wait, wait. So, so this is the retention graph for the 7-Eleven video. Yes. But it it definitely looked a lot different when we first posted it. But when it's like reaching 100 million views sometimes like the graphs aren't I I
[89:00] thought the whole video said top moment. But then you know when you check back months later sometimes you know the intro shot people are you know I mean this has 94 million views. It's getting 226,000 views every 48 hours. Uh 41% retention on a video that's about 20 minutes long. Um can can I see how much AdSense they got? Or can I scroll or like Oh, I mean you can. Okay. Like Yeah, you're you can. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] On one video. I can't
[89:30] say this number out loud. Wait, can I I don't even know what it is. I don't know what it is. I would love to see what it is. All right. I mean, this is probably pennies for you guys, but that's a lot of trips to Costco. Yeah, that's a lot of lot of Yeah, it's a lot of buffets. Yeah. Yeah. What's your video with your best retention or what's like uh most subscribers or like any other videos that have like an interesting I mean, which video is it? This is our most viral video. Yeah. Has likeund I think 170. Wow. Yeah. 168 million views.
[90:00] Can I scroll to the AdSense on this one? Yes. Yes. This one's definitely a lot better. Oh my god. Well, first of all, can I say the subscriber number you got from this? Yes. On this video alone, you guys got 924,000 subscribers. Wow. Oh my god. That's how much you guys made on AdSense from this video. Yeah. How much was it? Let me see. Yeah. Oh, wow. Okay, that was a lot more than I thought. You guys don't look at your numbers like this. I feel like someone like refreshing refresh. We
[90:30] check it in the first week. I just don't want to dwell on it and like a lot of times it goes down as it reaches more people. Just the ad slots aren't don't get filled up. So, how long ago was this video uh posted? This has been like 10 months or 10 months? Wait, really? No way. We're in 2021. That's wild. I mean, that that's a lot more renovations. Uh yeah, a lot more construction costs to cover. Uh that's insane. If you made it this far, it'd mean the world if you could hit the subscribe button and ring the bell as we try to hit 1 million subscribers this year. Plus, we have so
[91:00] many big videos coming up from studio tours to behind the scenes to interviews that you won't want to miss. And just thank you for everything, guys. To be able to do this full-time has been a dream come true. And now back to the video. Yeah. Audio scene. What does that do when you clap? Like you're able to sync all of them because you see like that huge like spike. Yeah. Yeah. You didn't know that? That's why they do the thing so they can find it too in the clip. You knew that. Come on. No. If I knew it and you don't know it, you're kidding
[91:30] me. No, I didn't know that. I didn't I actually didn't know that. I thought it was for like a visual thing. But the clapping like I put that together, but I've never done that. I've never seen people do that because we don't we don't hang around other creators. They don't do behind the scenes stuff like this. Oh wow. Or like I mean we've never been we just up until like two months ago we just hang out with creators. Like Jimmy was the first creator we hung out with in the last three years. Wait. Right. Wait to shoot that. So wait when you guys shoot that video with Jimmy. He was the first creator we hung out with in three years. Jordan Matter came. He was the other only other creator in Fede to
[92:00] where they just came and like we just filmed a video. But Jimmy was the first one that we I would say Fede too. Like we hung out with him a little bit. But Jimmy was the first one we actually got to talk to as like people, right? I like there was a little bit of language barrier refet. But yeah, for three and a half years, Jimmy was the first creator we got to talk to and he really opened up my eyes on a lot of stuff. So, wow. Wait, wait, there's so many. Why Why did it take three and a half years to like hang out with a creator? I mean, you guys are one of the biggest ones on YouTube. I mean, like, what just happened recently, I guess. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I mean, the growth was
[92:30] recent, too. No, you guys have been big for a while. This is just another level. Um I mean he reached out and then we talked on the phone and you know I feel like um I learned a lot from him and surprisingly he mentioned like oh my god like you guys are a little bit or he mentioned that we're smarter than like what he initially thought of us and I was like really like what's people's perception of us like I didn't ask him that but I'm thinking in my head I was like if this is all they see of us they don't know like our lives personally they don't know our operations like anytime I tell anyone up until recently
[93:00] that our team is only this many people. Like we had five employees that was it for like the last like six, seven years. And we didn't even get those employees until three years ago. Yeah. And it's everyone goes like, "How in the hell did you scale up to this?" And I would definitely say it's because like we're super obsessed with what we do. We really I pretty much can spend all day on YouTube. And it's just also because I love it. I love every step of what we do. So, I'm constantly I just see it as
[93:30] oh my god like I can't wait to like you know look over my video. Can't wait to like see how I can improve it. Can't wait to um look over the analytics and I just love every moment of it. So that's honestly like how we do it. So I just love being involved every step of the way given that it has kind of um come with a weight gain. Yeah, come has I was going to say like come with like a little bit of a weight gain but that is not for the videos. That would be crazy if it was for I actually gained weight. So, like the fat jokes made sense.
[94:00] It's I mean I I think you have a lot of confidence to self-deprecate like that. What else did Jimmy say? Because that's an interesting moment. I was actually surprised to see that you guys collaborated because for a while it's like you know you guys had put out similar stuff. It's like what's the relationship like? So to see you guys collaborate, I mean that's another full circle moment right there. Yeah. Yeah. It was uh it was definitely like very very refreshing like seeing another creator who like loves what they do. a lot of creators that we've met and you know part of part of like our past everyone almost feels like they hate what they do and they just kind of feels
[94:30] like a job to them and I was like it's almost like they're only doing it because they're like I need to do this to make money. Yeah. So like seeing him like we were going to Walmart and he was just smiling the whole time going like hey let's go do something fun. We went to Walmart and he was like uh looking at his chocolate bars organizing them and I just thought it was like the like coolest thing ever. like someone who was like that in love of what they did and like cared that much that passionate about everything. I was like, "Oh my god." Like it was just so nice to see
[95:00] and it was just very very like a huge like I don't know like a huge like um I don't know. I' I've wanted to cry when I saw it honestly. So it was very very like special to me. Yeah. Like meet someone like that. I had a chance to go with Jimmy to a grocery store and seeing him like go down the aisle and like analyze the products like YouTube thumbnails was fascinating. Uh whole another side to it. Yeah. Yeah. No, there's Yes. Beyond the videos. Yeah. Looking ahead, where does the Stokes Twins empire go from here? Like are you guys I mean you guys are so huge. I'm
[95:30] actually shocked you guys haven't launched a product yet or like done something like a lot of the other creators have. Ryan Trey with Joyide, Jimmy obviously with Feastables. Um are you guys thinking about like other business moves just doubling down on content? like where do we go from here? Yeah, I mean that's one of the things that I wanted to kind of free up my time for, right? I feel like there's only a certain cap that I can like, you know, 100% of my time go into the videos, I would only maybe get like 10 20% more return for like my videos. So, if I'm able to free up 20 30
[96:00] hours a week to where I'm able to like, you know, start my own product, learn more about the business world, that's also where I'm also super fascinated as well. That's definitely next for us. I I mean the reason why it's taken so long because we want to create that perfect product, right? Like the product has to be good in our eyes and it's just these things take time and right now our time is really tied up which was the whole purpose of hiring the people you see in there like half of them weren't even here like a few days ago even. So right
[96:30] now it's just um figuring out a way to free up a portion of our time so we can dedicate it to building something else like this. Yeah. And yeah, we definitely just want it to be good, not just something like one and off. It's has to make sense, has to be good, has to fit what we do and what we're also passionate about. So, we're definitely close. Um, I would say maybe in a few months, sometime this year. Very close. Um, we'll definitely have something exciting. Yeah. Do you think you'll age
[97:00] up your content as you guys get older? Like right now, what what's the primary demographic of your content? I would say 18 plus for Um, yeah, I would say at the core our fan base is definitely around like pre-teen. I would say it's definitely it's not even like a uh calculated effort or anything. It's definitely I just think subconsciously we try to like deliver and make videos where I feel
[97:30] like I was on YouTube the most as a kid and that was around 12, 13, 14 and watching creators that you know I which made me fall in love with YouTube more and that kind of inspired us to like make content like that, deliveries like that. And I think that's more so like when we have like these jokes in our videos, I would definitely say it's more catered towards like like pre-teens, teens, and yeah, I wouldn't say it falls under one specific age group. I definitely would say especially
[98:00] this year we've um feel like a huge reason for our success is also because we've tried to make our not age up, but I would say we definitely made it more where everybody can watch it, right? Like you could watch it, you know, with um we've had parents come up to us saying, "Hey, like I'll watch a lot of your videos like by myself too, older brothers, older sisters." Parents watch by themselves. Yes. Oh my gosh. And it's just like sometimes like, you know, we have some of these jokes where they're like, "Oh, like I can't let them watch that, so I'll watch." You guys have a lot of sexual innuendos in your content. No, we do not.
[98:30] You have a dirty mind. No, that's you. That's You got the dirty mind, not us. No, come on. I mean, but are those you do put those jokes in there deliberately to try to age up your content or how do you think about the responsibility content for kids? I feel like we've just been doing that since like ever since we started YouTube. I feel like it's just um No, we when we first started making YouTube videos in elementary school, we literally those were the kind of jokes that we did in our videos as well. So,
[99:00] it's almost like being able to like relive that as well. like a huge part of our childhood. Like being able to have those jokes and obviously we were very very inspired by the YouTubers we watched at a time and it's almost like a huge part of our humor comes from YouTube. Like you know a lot of people their humor comes from shows um movies. Our humor comes from YouTubers we watched when we were younger. So a lot of that is tied in with like those other YouTubers and
[99:30] given that like so like we're not on YouTube kids. I know a lot of people think like, oh, our views are from YouTube Kids. Um, the app YouTube Kid. We don't. Yeah, the app YouTube Kids. We don't have a single view from YouTube Kids. And see, like the direction that like, you know, that's a very interesting question because now you're like, do you want to age up your content or cuz like we almost want to age it down and make it a lot cleaner so we can be on YouTube Kids because I've recently found out a lot all the creators who who are on YouTube Kids and the views that they get from it. I'm like, oh my god,
[100:00] like this is a whole untapped market for us. like this can really help us compete with like you know a lot of these like top views, top most viewed videos if we are on YouTube kids. So like it's like a whole another market that we're really trying to tap into given like we're going to have to do like a whole revamp on like some of the jokes in our videos. But at the same time too like a lot of people watch our videos for that as well. And yeah, no, it's uh it's just super interesting like the different age groups that we get depending on where we go. Like yeah, I would say definitely
[100:30] globally we have way older especially like you know um Southeast Asia primarily those regions they're all like I would say around our age. Um they're like you know definitely a lot older than the US. Your typical like US fans. But yeah, back to his point of saying like you know um kind of like aging up our content and all that. I just feel like at the same time it's uh primarily it's like people on YouTube. YouTube at its core like
[101:00] primarily it's going to be people around like the age of like 10 to like 15 I feel like 10 15 male and it just so happened like we don't like try to target that but that's just we were that like typical YouTube viewer consumer at the time and I think that's just kind of a lot of where subconsciously when we're like thinking of scenes thinking of jokes it's just we just default back to that because it's like I said it's just when we spent the most time on YouTube back then for because now it's more so
[101:30] like for research purposes. Back then I used to consume YouTube for like entertainment watching all these like um big like YouTube channels but but no that's interesting common thread throughout all of this is like you create what you consume you know. Oh yeah. So whether it's for research purposes or not as we wrap up here you know the sun has gone down you guys have opened up about so many things. I'd say one of the most touching videos that you guys have put online was the video about your grandpa. Um because most people may not know you guys uh were born and
[102:00] raised in China. Um would go there and he would you know raise you guys and spend a lot of time with you guys. Um I'm wondering what what would your parents and specifically what would your grandpa say about what you guys are doing now today? Well, just right off the bat, like you know, he he raised us when we were little kids and we would go back every summer. So, he was technically we saw him as our dad or our parents. So, um a lot of like the kind of people who
[102:30] we are today, a lot of like you know who we are like personally and whatnot was heavily influenced by him. Like I I definitely try to I try to be more and more like him. decisions where it's like, hey, like don't be angry, be more patient, things like that's because of him, right? And I know he at the time we were so like nose deep on YouTube and super extremely busy to the point where
[103:00] we used to call our grandparents like every week over um just a checkup on them. And I think there was a time where we didn't speak with them for like a whole month because we were just so busy just figuring out the videos because we finally had like, you know, we were remonetized. We were things were vamping up. We kind of got like so buried in the work and we kind of lost touch with like what was important and we, you know, we had the opportunity to pick up a phone call that night when we were outside
[103:30] like planning out this next video and you know the very next day like we got news that he passed. And you know, it kind of just made us realize like I I feel like to this day if a part of me thinks if you know, we would have picked up, he would have been in a better mood, he would that what situation would have happened. But yeah, so it's definitely um he is the reason why like we work so hard too. I feel like
[104:00] I because like to ignore like what we did because we already sacrificed so much. I don't want it to be in vain now where it's like if we just like give up and quit. It's just kind of like okay so what was all that hard work for? Like what was the purpose behind all this? And of course like we love what we do but obviously there's moments where you know we're working 18our days. We get stressed out and having a reason to do it like I I never the reason why I'm able to go push myself is because I
[104:30] ultimately don't do it for myself. I do it for others. So I think it's just um he's definitely provided that uh that stuck with me and I would like to say I know he would be proud but I definitely feel like there's better ways I can grow and me as a person and whatnot just in everything we do is just try to like honor his like legacy
[105:00] and Yeah, I'm not sure if you want to add anything to it, but yeah, it's uh that was very very touchy for um Alex. Yeah, I mean that was um
[105:30] um So like obviously like a lot of people don't know about our background but like you know we come from like a super struggling in China and like we're originally from Tennessee. You know, we keep this to ourselves, but we come from like, you know, very very struggling background where
[106:00] like some days like we want to eat and that was like the case with like our grandpa, like our family here as well. But like, you know, when we were younger, he always made sure like we ate even, you know, if they didn't eat and our family didn't know that we were
[106:30] homeless for even up until recently because like I just didn't want to stress them out more than like and they needed to be right like and it really helped us you know push through everything because you we our family in China they were sick and you know they raised us to their core like, you know, they're our parents and we wanted to be able to take care of them cuz, you know, they were
[107:00] sick and like by the time we could help out, it was too late. So like between like being being demonetized those days when we stayed up super late trying to figure it out trying to get earn extra revenue like was so we could pay for those things
[107:30] and I had an opportunity to pick up his call and I declined it and he called like 20 more times and then three hours later he he passed. Oh, I was doing it all for him to take care of those close to me and I wasn't even there in the final moments. So, it is a huge part of why we do what
[108:00] we do and why we push through because I feel like everything would have been for nothing if we just never quit or ever get into arguments or ever do things that could put our business in jeopardy. So, he is a huge reason why we do everything. So that's why it's very important to us to take care of those close to us and off camera on camera. Like I just want I
[108:30] don't want anyone to go through anything they shouldn't have to especially if I have the power do that cuz I wasn't able to at a time that I wish I could have. So I just always want to make sure that's something that never happens again. So that's a huge motivating factor for us. Yeah. I'm so sorry. I'm sure you'd be so proud of like what you guys are doing now and uh
[109:00] even to have that attitude throughout to take care of everyone. I mean, yeah, I appreciate you opening up like that. Yeah. Is there anything else like on your mind? I mean, that was so beautiful. I think that's a, you know, like anything else that is on your mind or like things that you guys want to talk about? I mean, I I appreciate you guys being so open throughout this interview. Um, anything else that you guys wanted to share or put out there before we wrap?
[109:30] Not that I can think of. I mean, we do have a present for you. You do? Yes. Can I Can I see what what what is it? Is it a uh It's probably something we should have gave you at the start of the video, but you know, retention something to look forward to. I'm down. Yeah. What? Uh what what are we talking about here? Oh god. Oh god. Okay. Oh. All right. I don't know if it's I think it's your size. Look at this. A tuxedo. So we can
[110:00] be triplets. Yes. It's so triplets. All right, guys. Oh, skinny fit. I love it, man. I love it. I love it. Well, I'm gonna have to wear this next time. Like I I there's so many more things. things. I feel like you guys are building that um entire like space over there, the the warehouse. Like I feel like there's endless things to talk about, but I just want to thank you guys for your time and your openness and uh I mean we've talked now since the sun has gone down and um it just means a lot that the trust
[110:30] you guys put into this interview because I know you don't I mean you guys it's not even that often. Yeah, I know this is the first time you guys have sat down. So, thank you so much for everything and uh yeah, I'll give you guys the final word, but thank you for the gift as well. It's crazy. Yeah. Well, thank you so much for coming out and interviewing us. This was very, very fun. Very glad we got to talk and yeah, thanks for giving us the opportunity to share all of this as well. Thank you. All right, guys. All right, cool. Let's find a prom or somewhere to go crash.