# Building in Public: YouTube/Video Podcasts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkPUs24MBNs | 2026-06-11



[00:00] This is one of two YouTube plaques that YouTube sent us for growing our YouTube channels in 2025 and we're excited to get these plaques from YouTube. We believe these are just the beginning of what God's called us to do when it comes to the content that we're creating and distributing through the platform of YouTube. Cool to get a plaque for 100,000 subscribers. We think we need to see millions of subscribers and in turn hundreds of millions of views on our videos if we're going to accomplish our mission. So, we're just getting started but I want to share what we've done to 

[00:31] grow as much as we did on YouTube in 2025 and what we're focusing in on as we lean into YouTube in 2026 and beyond. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Hey there, if we haven't met yet, I'm Neil Smith, VP of Marketing at Faithdriven Movements and this is just a series I'm doing here on my personal YouTube channel to learn out loud as I'm wrapping up my first year. I'm actually recording this in the middle of the Christmas New Year window and we're all 

[01:02] kind of decompressing a little bit. This is an exercise that I often do of just journaling and I thought, you know, let me just turn on the camera and journal [music] out loud. And so, you lot of times people say this is building in public or learning out loud. So, this is my way of doing this and I hope that it's helpful for you as I'm learning out loud the things that that we have prioritized at Faithdriven Movements, how that might be able to help your organization. So, YouTube has been a critical platform for us in the last year. It seemed like a no-brainer to me. It's actually I think one of the main reasons Faithdriven was drawn to hiring 

[01:32] me is because of my background with social media and with YouTube. And so, what what I knew coming into Faithdriven Movements is they create great content. So, they we now uh create great content, but at that point it was they create great video content. Like exceptional. Should be on Netflix or on television or what the second to none from the content, but it doesn't always get as many views as it should from my perspective and it it just I think is a matter of and it's timeless. And so I knew, [music] you know, with more 

[02:02] opportunity there would be ways to drive more traffic to this content. And YouTube is there's so much of it is art and good content wins, but you got to package it right. You got to spend a lot of time on the packaging. You can't just put the content out there and throw it out there and hope it goes viral. You've got to drive some traffic. You've got to get some get the snowball moving. And so as we began to build the Faith Driven Entrepreneur's snowball, we had three channels that we were primarily developing. That's Faith Driven Entrepreneur, Solving the World's Greatest Problems, and Faith Driven Investor. Now, one of the big shifts that we're making that 

[02:33] was really helping really has helped our Faith Driven Entrepreneur and Faith Driven Investor channels is we took audio podcasts that have historically been audio and began recording those in video. Well, that gave us new weekly video content on these channels that we could begin utilizing. Now, not just utilizing for the core long-form video podcast, but also for the clips. Now, one of the early hires that we made is [music] in a full-time clips editor. So, their only job is his name is Jared. 

[03:03] He's an incredible editor on our team. His only job is to take videos from either our core content that we're already creating our historical library of content, but primarily [snorts] from our new podcast content and create clips that we can use as YouTube shorts, that we can use as clips to post on LinkedIn, that we can use as reels on Instagram or Facebook, but really primarily YouTube shorts was the platform for [music] that content. And so a combination of really packaging our content differently, 

[03:33] having regular consistent new content, and then having clips took our YouTube content through the roof in 2025. Let me just share some of the stats from our channel in 2025. Just looking at the YouTube for the Faith Driven Entrepreneur channel in 2025, we had 3.4 million views, 82,000 hours watched, and 144,000 new subscribers to our channel. Incredible. Incredible growth on that a channel, and I believe that those 

[04:04] numbers will probably be tripled this year if the engagement continues, which I have no reason to believe that it will slow in any [music] way. And so, incredible to see what what can happen, but a few things that I wanted to just share that we prioritized in that process that has really helped us me just go and share my screen cuz I think that will help. Okay, when you go to our channel, one of the things you'll see is just a very intentional uh banner image here, uh profile image that a a welcome video get to know Faith Driven Entrepreneur. Uh so, if you don't have 

[04:34] that welcome video uh built into your channel, I highly recommend it. Start here is just some of our key videos. Uh this history I can you know, you got to go watch these videos. So, if you haven't watched these yet, uh these these are key videos to the movement with Dear Entrepreneur. Don't journey alone, um &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; and the history uh of Faith Driven Entrepreneurship. Uh just great videos. Then, you'll see here our podcast, and this is where we're doing a ton of testing. Uh one of the things that that we're testing uh as YouTube now makes it 

[05:04] available is you can do three different titles and three different thumbnails. And so, one of the things we're testing with our thumbnails is even how big this text should be. Should it be orange or should it be white? In some videos, we're actually finding the orange text uh to perform better, some the white, uh some we have a little orange even background in the image itself. Um some we've tested with multiple, you know, um Hey guys, just want to interrupt myself real quick. Get back to the video in a minute, but want to highlight Amplify Social Media. Amplify is the agency that 

[05:35] I started more than a dozen years ago. I transitioned out, handed the company over to Matt Williams, Darrylin, the incredible team at Amplify. They're continuing to help me. I'm a client now of Amplify, still an owner, still have an aspect of involvement, but really focused on by work at faith-driven movement. And so, [music] I'm so proud of the team at Amplify, and I want to make sure that you, as you're watching this, if you are looking for help amplifying your message like I am with this video, [music] reach out to the team at Amplify. Amplify social.media. Talk to Matt, talk to Kelly, talk to Farina, talk to Jerry Lynn, talk to Roy, 

[06:05] talk to any of the incredible team members there at Amplify, and [music] I know they would love to help you amplify your message. They do everything from social media to podcast to YouTube videos like this to all kinds of content, websites, anything digital. They do not just social media, while that is our specialty and where we really started, our services have expanded. So, make sure you reach out to the team at Amplify. Doesn't cost you anything to talk to [music] them, worth the conversation, see what they can do and if they can help you amplify your message. Let's get back to the video. The host and the guest or just the guest 

[06:36] in front of the the image or just the guest closer up front on their face performs better. So, we're testing [music] so many different aspects of uh what drives the better engagement rate. And by even just [music] getting a better thumbnail, we'll get twice the engagement rate. So, it's taking the time to do that. Uh if you look even here in our short section, uh some of these videos are getting 2,300 views, 821 views, but then some of them, this one right here got 183,000 views. This one got 269,000 

[07:06] views. So, some of these will just pop uh more than others. And so, really need to see and and having a diversity of a lot of different content of how those shorts are really driving up a lot of that engagement, especially some of that subscriber growth. And so, where you'll see the 3 million views, but [music] then a smaller number of the uh hours watched is because um not all of our content is 30 minutes or an hour long. Uh a lot of that content that's combined with the shorts 

[07:37] and long form, and these shorts are all typically about a minute long. So, you get a much shorter time span and it depends on if somebody's watching on a mobile device or whether they're watching on a computer as to what they're going to be watching on or you know, most what's fastest growing on YouTube is now people watching on their television. And so, our hope is is that business leaders are watching our podcast in their board room with a team together. And so, that there's that that activity and that engagement happening 

[08:08] within the channel. The other thing I want to just throw out that we've added to YouTube that people often, you know, ask about is are you running ads and is this growth due to ads? The answer is yes, we're running ads. Is the growth due to ads? Some of it, but but I think the reality is we wouldn't spend money on ads if we didn't first feel confident in how we're packaging and distributing without the ads. And so, the ads allow us to target in different ways. A lot of how we're using ads is even towards retargeting of people that are engaging with our content to then visit our website and visit take action around joining a group 

[08:39] or starting a group or attending a conference. And so, we're using ads creatively in that way. But then also to build awareness and to reach more content with a specific video that might be performing well, we'll add to that. And YouTube now you used to have to go through Google Ads to set up ads. They now have a promotion feature in your in your YouTube studio that makes it super easy to almost like a boosted post on Instagram or Facebook. Makes it super easy to just, you know, get a little bit more traffic around 

[09:10] certain content or certain videos. We like to do a little bit deeper. So, we do primarily run ads through Google Ads, but we we have tested through the promotion feature and it has made it super easy if there's certain videos that we see are performing well that we want to get it even extra eyes on. That promotion feature has made it super easy for us to integrate ads into our growth strategy on YouTube as a platform. I think coming back to our whole strategy though, we say come for the content, stay for the community. And so, we're really trying to be intentional to use YouTube as an awareness platform, as a way to get our content out there. We 

[09:40] believe somebody's going to listen to a 30-minute podcast or listen to a few of these, the likelihood that they're they're then going to feel connected enough to join a group or to sign up to lead a group is much higher to attend one of our conferences. And so, we really want to take the great content we put so much effort and energy around to then [music] package it well, putting a lot more energy and effort around the packaging. And I mentioned the clips editor, you know, it's our designers what they're doing around the thumbnails is is it also a significant investment in how we're packaging that content. But 

[10:11] then we're retargeting those to get them to our website. So, moving them, building awareness through how we're distributing and engaging people with the content, and then retargeting, [music] you know, based on their engagement with our content. So, they're watching for 3 minutes or more, we're probably going to retarget them to take another action. Or if they bailed after 20 seconds, we're probably said that whatever we were messaging didn't resonate with them. And so, we're not necessarily going to retarget them. And so, the algorithms build and learn and how we're using these platforms to to target and reach our right audience 

[10:42] and those that resonate with our message and those that don't. And so that we can continue to learn and adapt and adjust and create better content and more naturally flow people into our organization and from the content into community. So, that's how we're using YouTube. I would love uh your thoughts as we continue to lean into YouTube. Video content is something we're going to keep doubling down on, tripling down on as an organization. And YouTube as a platform feels clear to me that YouTube is the platform for video distribution, video engagement [music] into the 

[11:12] future. And so, while there are different social networks and platforms that are changing all the times, YouTube is one of those platforms that is changing from a feature standpoint, but not in a tangent standpoint. And so, when we think when we think about our target audience and where pretty much anyone anywhere is engaging with video content, it is YouTube. Um and so, it will continue to be a significant priority for us into the new year and has been incredibly fruitful for the investment we've made uh so far in this first year. I'm excited to see what's ahead. I'm going to keep learning a lot. 

[11:43] I'm going to keep building in public. If you have any questions about what we're doing on YouTube or have any ideas or thoughts or recommendations, drop them in the comments. I would love to learn and hear from what you're doing as well as we grow and learn together. Thanks so much for watching. We'll talk to you again on the next video. &gt;&gt; [music] 