# Behind the Build: Establishing Our Website Infrastructure for Scale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvAwhKqO0us | 2026-05-03



[00:00] In this video, I'm going to talk about all the websites we built at Faith Driven Movements, what technology we used, what systems we used, what strategy we used, and where we're going with our website infrastructure. Lean in to this. We're going to get a little technical, uh, but really at the core, we all have a website that we need to prioritize, or websites in our case. And I want to talk about how we've approached this, what we're doing, what we've done, and where we're going. Hey there. If we haven't met yet, I'm Neil Smith, the VP of Marketing at Faith 

[00:30] Driven Movements. And I'm just doing this series to learn out loud, to build in public, uh, to share what I'm learning in the process of leading our marketing team, leading our marketing efforts as we are building a rocket ship in the air. Uh, what God is doing, uh, through Faith Driven Movements is is just miraculous, but also very intentional, also very strategic. Uh, and so a big part of that, [music] uh, is our our our our websites. It is our home base uh, in many ways as we as we move people in strategically into our 

[01:01] organization. We will often say, "Come for the content, stay for the community." Uh, and so I want to talk about how we're doing that with our websites. And practically, I see marketing in [music] three key buckets of of the pathway of one is awareness, uh, which is often done on social media and through advertising. The other is consideration, where you're checking out, uh, the organization. That's primarily done on the website, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; uh, and often through email, and then conversion, which is done either through an advertising effort or sometimes even 

[01:33] a conversation, an interaction, or just a sheer transaction, uh, that's that's happening. For us, that's often getting somebody into a foundation group. And so uh, we offer free community groups of our content is free, our groups are free. Uh, it's confusing, uh, for some, um, and as I've shared before, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; uh, I want to encourage you to go back to see the other videos. Uh, we have a value proposition that seems too good to be true, yet it is better uh, than it is even perceived uh, to be and that's one of the unique marketing challenges and 

[02:04] opportunities uh, that we have and I believe why we're growing as fast as we are. So, let's talk about the websites. When I started with Interim Movements, one of the things that just attracted me to the organization was just the excellence in which I saw all of their websites. They just looked professional, uh, they looked beautiful, they they were clearly very strategically designed and built, uh, great copy and messaging uh, on the websites. I I would say if there's one you know, knock I would have on the websites is that they're cluttered and a 

[02:34] little crowded. I would say we still have this challenge because the problem is we have so much content, we have so much stuff uh, that we want to just give uh, to uh, those that are coming into our organization that we have a hard time of where do we prioritize to make a clear, concise path for people. So, it is a tension that we are managing uh, on our websites of how do we include everything and make it navi [music] you know, where you can easily navigate uh, but then also get people to what they want to do. But, the first thing I had to do uh, or that I felt as it was a 

[03:05] priority is that in our organization we were in transition. The majority of the websites had initially been built in Squarespace and [music] were being moved into WordPress uh, and then WordPress more specifically we use Nexus hosting, we use GoDaddy uh, domain management and then we use Divi uh, as our you know, basically theme uh, within our websites to build on top of uh, my in the background I'm a big fan [music] of WordPress uh, for the last you know, I don't know 15, 20 years uh, so definitely not new new to 

[03:35] WordPress. I have primarily used Elementor. Uh, so if you're familiar with Elementor, Divi is very similar to um, and works great, you know, lots of great functionality. It is it is kind of a best-in-class platform. Squarespace I've always been a big fan of and I think it was a good move for for Faith Driven start at Squarespace because it's I compared to Apple, it's hard to break, but it's also hard to really customize. And so, you can only take it so far. And I think with our organization growing as fast as we are with it as unique as as we are, we needed something that could 

[04:06] scale with us. And so, having already made that decision to move to WordPress and with Divi, I think it was a wise move that I inherited. And so, I'm glad to be able to just take that and run further with it. But we we had about half of our websites not on Divi. So, we had to really you know, prioritize getting everything over. Now, we're talking hundreds of pages, things that have been developed over, you know, the [music] last 5 years. And what needs to come, what needs to stay, what needs to go. The truth is a 

[04:36] year later, we're still working through this. We still have old blog content that we need to get active. And you know, people that have been in our videos and and bios that that need to get updated and revised. It is a never-ending project. And things like SEO that we're continuing [music] to optimize. But one of the first steps that we had to make and probably took us about 4 months is to get everything from Squarespace and out of Squarespace and into Divi with WordPress. And so, we were able to prioritize that. All of our websites are now on Divi. 

[05:07] And and and are now being optimized. We've got a great team. You know, want to highlight Eric, [music] Angela, Julian, John, Errol. John's John's really been our WordPress expert to to help us in so many ways to to really maximize some of the WordPress functionality. And now we're getting more and even SEO as we're digging deeper in the pages as we want every page to be optimized well. And there's some great tools out there to help. Help like SEMrush is a platform that 

[05:37] that we've used more recently. But just to help to clean up the the way some of your back pages work, some of your 404 pages, getting it into the weeds of it. So, we we've really been prioritizing the technical side of the website. But, what we you [music] know and and what I've talked about in previous videos is that it's not necessarily what you have, it's how you use it. We could be on Squarespace and if we had a bad website, it doesn't matter how well you know, how strong it is technically, 

[06:08] if it doesn't message the right thing to the right audience in the right way, make it easy for them to take action, it's broken. And so, we we've really needed to prioritize our messaging. We're constantly testing. We're doing a lot of AB testing. Love some different tools out there &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; that my team knows I don't necessarily know or can share with them and we're so early to using them, probably not comfortable promoting them as of yet &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; because we're still so new into some of the AB testing that we're doing live on 

[06:38] the website, but excited about what that is going to open up for our website users. So, let me actually just go ahead and go to one of our websites and just show you what it looks like and what we're prioritizing when it comes to the website itself. This is our Faith-Driven Entrepreneur website and you can see up here at the top, we've got a lot going [music] on here in the navigation. This is probably our longest first website 

[07:08] and so, there is years and years of content. One of the first things you'll see is our first process in the navigation is content and the foundation course, video courses, teens course, podcast, books, research, insights, we got an app, we have U version, reading plans in the Bible app. And so, you can go through our website, you can actually see here, these are our key calls to action, places that you can take action getting on our email [music] list, signing up for our teens course. By the way, I got two teenagers that 

[07:39] just we completely go through the teens course, it's free now. So, if you're watching this, uh it might still uh be free. It was $100. It'll probably go back to $100, but uh I I'd go check it out. Um it is incredible uh content. Um and the we have the Table Group has partnered with us, and um yeah, just it's it's so cool. Um and uh yeah, we've got our book here. So, some other activities you can see there here. We're featuring one of our videos uh that you can just jump right into uh that that we want to highlight there. 

[08:10] Content, community, coaching, connection. Uh this is what we do. Try to inspire people to get in the game. Um and so, here's a great video um that is uh David Platt uh did with us uh called Dear Entrepreneur. Um it just really introduces why we exist and how uh you [music] uh can get involved and engaged. Um I'm even seeing right here just the blurriness of that image. Something for us to improve uh here on the website. So, every day we're just looking at how can we improve? Um 

[08:42] and what can we pay attention to? One of the things I And And then practically, what we've really identified is if you're coming for the content and then you're staying for the community, what is that process for [music] one Are people coming to our website, and are they looking at content? So, So, we're tracking that. And then the other is this find a group. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Uh when somebody goes here, uh we they go to find a group, and do they choose entrepreneur or investor? And uh and this is how they get into a group on our our web page. And so, does our site do a good job of getting people 

[09:13] into both finding a group and starting a group? Um and [music] so, one of the things we've really prioritized is these pages in particular. And so, as you think about your website, one of the things I would encourage you to do is to think about what is the key action you want somebody that's visiting your website to take. And And so, for us, you know, the first thing we hope they do is look at get on email list. And so, are we providing a good value proposition as to why they should get on our email list? So, the value proposition comes with is the 

[09:43] value you're already providing for free, is it valuable? And so, if I give you my email, is the additional value going to also be valuable? If what you're already providing isn't real valuable, I'm not convinced that, you know, me giving you my email address is going to all of a sudden bring new value. And so, we we're we're testing how can we get somebody to sign up for our email list better? We're testing a lot of different even pop-ups and &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; just newsletter sign-up forms. And then the second is is joining a group. Is is 

[10:13] what happens when people join a group? And so, one of the things we're using to really test this is we're actually testing different language of is it join a group or is it get in a group or is it find a group? So, is is there language that works better? [music] Is the button being orange or gold going to be better? Which one drives more action? And so, we're we're finding a lot of just great insights by just doing a lot of AB testing with some of those messaging. And then the other thing we're using is heat maps. So, we're using Microsoft's Clarity platform to 

[10:44] heat map all of our web pages &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; and give us insights into how are people behaving on our websites? What actions are they taking and how can we improve? Maybe we need to move this call to action up. Maybe we need to remove a whole block from a web page where we have too much information on that page where they're leaving after this and they're not engaging past a certain point on the page. And so, yeah, we're we're putting in and doing a lot of testing and now and I think we're moving it from a marketing perspective into build and into to optimize. [music] 

[11:15] And we're optimizing based on data and analytics. And so, I'll get into that further how we moved into a really significant priority of analytics and data in our marketing systems and strategy. But that's where our websites have come. So, we've gone from focusing on the technical to then really prioritizing the content and the engagement and conversion on these platforms. I just want to interrupt myself real quick, get back to the video in a minute, but want to highlight Amplify Social Media. Amplify is the agency that I started more than a dozen 

[11:46] years ago. I transitioned out, handed the company over to Matt Williams, Jerilyn, the incredible team at Amplify. They're continuing to help me. I'm a client now at Amplify, still an owner, still have an aspect of involvement, but really focused on but I work at Faith Driven Movements. And so, I'm so proud of the team at Amplify and I want to make sure that you, as you're watching this, if you are looking for help amplifying your message like I am with this video, reach out to the team at Amplify. AmplifySocial.Media. Talk to Matt, talk to Kelly, talk to Farina, talk to Jerilyn, talk to Roy, talk to any of the incredible team 

[12:16] members there at Amplify and I know they would love to help you amplify your message. They do everything from social media to podcast to YouTube videos like this to all kinds of content, websites, anything digital. They do not just social media, well that is our [music] specialty, but where we really started, our services have expanded. So, make sure you reach out to the team at Amplify. It doesn't cost you [music] anything to talk to them, worth the conversation, see what they can do and if they can help you amplify your message. Let's get back to the video. And and now, I think we're going to move into hyper engagement with that 

[12:46] while while also continuing to refine what what do we need to add to our websites? What, you know, are more pages going to be helpful for SEO? And as we get into more &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; chat GPT kind of SEO functionality, what's going to be important for that for people to find our websites and engage with them? And then beyond that, it is what what are what do we need to do to to trim our websites? Where where have our websites gotten fatter? You have pages that are outdated or information that that's inaccurate or no longer accurate or no longer represents 

[13:17] our organization well. We need to constantly be refining those websites and so, our web pages can get very old and outdated and people can land on old pages and get very confused. Or one of the things I see all the time is, you know, the wrong date. It's 2025 uh or now, probably 2026, uh and it still says 2022 at the bottom of your website. Uh do you have the right date? Uh because that can tell people of like, "Are they even still in business?" Um and so, we we need to make sure uh 

[13:47] we're prioritizing these little things on our website. So, uh the other last thing I want to note when it comes to our website is having people that have a high attention to detail involved in your website process. Well, I mean, I mentioned before that we hired a marketing director. Uh her name is Kristen. She has been such a great asset uh to our organization. And one of those things is just her high attention to detail uh when it comes to not just not just, you know, project management, but really like making sure these pages uh the copy is getting integrated with the 

[14:18] pages well, uh that the the design is fitting well, that the uh that that we're doing it in our QA processes. We now have a a QA person on our team that that's their job is to QA um primarily our web pages. Uh and so, we're really beginning to prioritize that that quality uh level uh when we get to the optimization of our web pages. So, hope that helps uh as we're continuing to build out loud, um that's where we're at uh with our web pages. We have seen great progress. I think this 

[14:48] is probably an area uh that that you'll see and I'll I'll continue to uh share our learnings. Uh but, I don't think we're going to change a whole lot technically in the future, but I think we're going to take a lot of this AB testing that we're doing, integrate this, and so you guys see uh a lot of just little small refinements happening uh that we believe are going to help to really scale our core objectives uh as we're learning from the data that's coming into the website and the user behaviors into our website. So, thanks so much for watching. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to drop those 

[15:19] uh in the comments. I'd love to answer those. Uh if you're not yet engaged with faith driven entrepreneur solving the world's greatest problems, faith driven investor, we just have so many great things going on with the faith driven movements. I hope you'll get involved. I think it's there's something here for everyone. It has been such an honor for me to lead as the VP of marketing and I hope it's helpful for you as I'm learning out loud here as we're building in public. Thanks for watching. We'll talk to you again on the next video. 

[15:50] &gt;&gt; [music] 