# HeatBit Review: Is This Bitcoin Mining Heater Worth It?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLVuBpvrFYY | 2026-04-10



[00:00] Hey guys, today we're going to be looking at HeatBit, a Bitcoin miner that's also a heater for your house. We're going to ask a question, can you effectively heat your house and mine Bitcoin at the same time? Is it worth the price? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Let's take a look. I'm going to open the box with you today and we're going to hook it up, see how easy it is to use, and how much Bitcoin does it actually 

[00:31] generate as a miner, and how warm does it actually heat my little office here in New York City. Let's jump into the video. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Hey there, if we haven't met yet, I'm Neil Smith. I'm actually author of a book called Crypto for Good. I wrote this book several years ago, probably seven years ago now, with my friend Nick Runyon. I believe significantly in the power of the blockchain, the power of Bitcoin, and the opportunities that it's 

[01:02] going to create and already has created for so many. It's gone through waves. It goes through waves and and I think we're seeing the shift in attention and focus as mine has shifted to AI, but blockchain technology is far from gone, far from being a fad that disappeared. It is continuing to develop [music] and this is a hardware device that I'm pretty excited to try. When HeatBit reached out to me, I was very excited to try out the product, but I was very transparent with them. [music] You can send it to me, I'll try it out, I'll post a video about it, but I'm going to be honest if I like it or 

[01:32] not. So, I'm always glad to test out new products, but one of the things I'm committed to here is to be honest with you. And you watched, if you watched my other videos, there's a lot of software and [music] even hardware devices that I'm like, man, that sounded cool, but when I actually got to using it, it wasn't or, you know, I thought it was going to be this and it actually is way better. So, if you're considering this device, I hope this video helps you decide whether it's the right device for you or not. So, let's get into the video. Step one, let's get to the box. 

[02:05] It is a huge box. So, let's see if you can [music] see this whole thing. So, this just got to my office. My office is not a big space and so it is way bigger than I anticipated. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, yeah, know that. It's a big device, or at least the box is big and some weight to [music] it. So, let's get into the box. 

[02:42] Okay, so here we are. I got the HeatBit. This is the full device. It is still very large, but you can see the big box behind me, so it is much smaller than the box. It also came with this charging cable and this little piece of cloth. I don't know what the piece of cloth is for, but we'll find [music] out. So, let's get this thing plugged in and see how it works. &gt;&gt; [music] 

[03:16] &gt;&gt; Turn it on. Mode select, [music] hold. Okay, so this is mode select. Start. 5 seconds switching heating and air purifying. Huh, it's an air purifier, too. Nice. Very cool. 

[03:47] All right, I think I will keep it mostly in air purifying mode in my office. Yep, plus and minus to switch temperatures. Nice. And then this is the turboing. So, this is turbo, [music] this is auto, this is light when it comes to the mining boards. And so, what's [music] affecting here is turbo is going to be a little louder and then auto is going to keep the 

[04:19] desired temperature and adapt the mining boards to keep [music] the space perfectly balanced. And then this is light, so I'll probably keep it in this auto zone mostly. Okay, so just like that, we've got the Bitcoin miner, heater, air purifier all set up. I'd say it took about 10 minutes to unbox, connect to the Wi-Fi, turn on, see how it works. I'll tell you, as just a piece of hardware, it is huge. It's it's a big piece of hardware. It just feels legit and professional. It is 

[04:50] heavy duty. Puts off pretty good heat, quick heat. [music] Curious to see how it works as an air purifier. I'm going to be monitoring that in the app. But the big question is is this worth it? Is this worth it for you to buy? And I think the question is is really how &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; good of an air purifier is it and heater. And you compare that to another and maybe that's worth $200. But the question is as a Bitcoin miner, you know, how effective is it? Is it loud? Is it annoying? [music] We'll see. Time will tell. What I'm going to do is I'm going to take about a 

[05:20] week. I'm going to monitor just how much Bitcoin is mined in that time. I'm going to test some different settings and then I'll come back and I'll share my feedback. I'll do it in this video, so you don't have to wait till the next video. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Until then, I'm going to be playing with this and yeah, we'll see. I'll be back in a week. Well, actually a few seconds for you, a week [music] for me. We're back. I have been using the HeatBit here in my New York City office for about 2 weeks. So, I've got some 

[05:51] data. And and as I look at the HeatBit, let me just give some quick updates [music] after 2 weeks of using it. One, the device is just really solid. You know, I think I think if you look at it just from a heater standpoint, a mining miner standpoint, a air filter standpoint, it's just a really solid [music] device and it just works good, it looks good. Yeah, it works, you know, functions [music] really good. The other side is as a heater, air filter, and as a miner, if I've used other miners, they're 

[06:22] really loud. This thing is really [music] quiet. It's about the same as any other air filter heater that I've had, so it's really no different. And so, practically, you know this, this is the core of the product is it's [music] if you're already going to be heating something, you can also basically mine Bitcoin at the same time. Now, it doesn't work, the air filter doesn't work. I think some people have been curious, I was curious, maybe just the air filter work when I don't need the heater to to mine, it doesn't. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; You need the heater 

[06:53] or, you know, when it's mining and putting out heat [music] is when you kind of get that dual benefit of the two. So, here's the thing. I I think the best part of this device is not actually the hardware, maybe it is the hardware, but it's the software [music] that they built in. I've had other devices like this, the software is clunky, the device is, you know, kind of rigged [music] together. This is a professional hardware device and and probably what I like best about this platform [music] is their app. So, let's go into the app. 

[07:25] So, when you log in to the HeatBit app, at the top you can see the balance. Basically, how much [music] Bitcoin has been mined. You can see it's been 10,888 satoshis, satoshis $7.67. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I've been using this device for about 2 weeks. Only had it heating &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; for honestly because it got so warm in my office. So, I've only had it heating probably about [music] 6 or 7 days, 6 7, see what I did there. That was unintentional and you can see I've got $7.67 

[07:57] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; in USD value in the Bitcoin that has been mined. So, I would estimate probably about 50 cents a day &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; in mining returns at the current price of [music] Bitcoin. And you can see here in the app that current price is about $70,400. So, yeah, you can also see if if you go down, you can see kind of the current state of the heater and it's currently in [music] heating mode. If you're in my 

[08:27] office and I don't have any noise cancellation turned on, you can't hear that it at all. And so, you'd actually be hearing my AC if you're hearing a noise that's louder [music] than the heater right now. Now, I do have it set on a lower setting and so that's where that is, [music] but you can see the temperature, you can see the performance and so what hash rate is and then the consumption [music] of from a power standpoint. And then you can just see, you know, how you're heating, you know, what level I can I can turn that up or down 

[08:59] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; with the directly on the device. I can't actually control it, or at least I didn't figure out how to control it from the device. I can just monitor it from this device. [music] And then air purification, it will actually tell me how humid my office is, the air inside is moderate, like is it clean or is it not? And yeah, [music] and then I I looked at just how to change the filters. I didn't change the filters, it, you know, came built in, but really easy to do. I have another 

[09:29] air filter air purification air filtration system in my [music] office very similar to how that works. And so, and then here within the app, you can see the stats. So, where kind of mining rewards are, you can see peak and so [music] I was running it more last week and so then it dropped off after I came back to my office and haven't been running it [music] every day. And then here's a wallet where I can transfer those into Coinbase or Binance. Here's a chat. One of the things I actually loved is uh &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I needed some help in the setup. 

[10:01] Uh I was do It was It was actually user error. Uh but I was able to talk to a person, a real life person, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; uh in the app within seconds of of logging in and getting help. Uh that is rare. Uh as anybody knows that needs help with technology. So, that was [music] a a big positive. Uh and then you can see the account. You can you can update some things. So, all that said, the app is [music] great. Uh and it works great. The device is great. So, here's the question. Do I recommend the Heatbit? Would I Would I buy [music] it? 

[10:32] If I had $800 to buy this device or not? And the answer is maybe. And And let me just be honest with that. [music] Uh people want to know is am I going to get $800 in Bitcoin back? How long would that take? Now, I would estimate that's probably going to take you about 2 years if you're running it all the time or [music] or pretty consistently, maybe a year and a half if you're running it all the time. But it puts out pretty significant heat, so you got to have a place where you can, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; you know, offset some of that heat. And And then you got to look at the cost of your electricity. 

[11:02] Um and so, realistically, if you're looking for [music] this to become something that is like a in the background money printer for you, [music] you're probably better off just getting an actual mining miner. And that that can put out more Bitcoin and mine mine more uh significantly. [music] But if you're somebody that that loves Bitcoin, that loves the ecosystem, that wants to be a part of the ecosystem, that has a space, that needs a heater, that needs air I think we all need air purifiers [music] in our spaces, uh then this is an 

[11:34] excellent device. It's going to be more expensive, naturally, than another heater. It's going to be more expensive than a regular air purification, but it's all-in-one. And you're a part of the Bitcoin [music] ecosystem, which I love to be a part of it. So, all that said of yeah, I'd probably buy one [music] because I'm pretty passionate about Bitcoin and loving supporting it. And it's a great &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; It It looks good in my office. I'm going to turn it off. It's a pretty big device. All that to say, it is going to return some [music] money back to you in Bitcoin. You're going to get some returns. But But I think at the end of 

[12:05] the day, you're you're really supporting the Bitcoin ecosystem. You're getting a little return. You're getting a device you probably already need. And so, you add all that together, and I think it's probably a break [music] even. So, if you love Bitcoin and you want to be a part of the ecosystem, great. If you're looking for a heater that's going to make you money &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; heating your apartment, that that's probably not going to happen. That's not realistic. But if you're looking at that heater that can return some money and uh in a cool way, [music] and you're passionate about Bitcoin, and you want to be on the cutting edge, uh I 

[12:35] would 100% get one of these, if not one for every room in your house. [music] This, literally, as a heater, I'm convinced this could Now, we live in a a two-bedroom apartment, but I'm convinced it would it [music] would heat our whole apartment. I probably actually will take it home as my apartment is bigger than my office. Um and so, yeah, it is a cool [music] device. I definitely recommend it for those that are Bitcoin enthusiasts, but I don't recommend it for those that are looking to get financial return on investment on [music] a Bitcoin miner. 

[13:06] So, I hope that helps in making your decision. Great device, Heatbit. Thank you for letting me be an early tester of this technology. I will be utilizing [music] it. I will be testing it both at home and continue to use it here in my office. And so, yeah, cool device. Excited [music] to see where Heatbit goes. Really impressed by both the hardware and the software. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Love when I get to test device and just let you know how cool it is and the real honest truth about it. If you have any questions, drop them in the comments. 

[13:36] Happy to answer any questions you might have, and and I'll keep you posted. I'm guessing, based on just even how good this device is and their software is, that there's going to be updates along the way. So, I'll probably do a an update to 7 months. Maybe we'll keep it &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; at that pace for the theme of this video. Thanks so much for watching. I look forward to talking to you again on the next video. Hi. 