# The LinkedIn Front Door | Building Faith Driven Entrepreneur in Public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLPkD_90zzk | 2026-03-26



[00:00] In this video, I want to strip away the theory of LinkedIn and get into the practical of how we're using LinkedIn as an organization to move people from just seeing our content to getting engaged in our movement to interacting with each other and interacting with our leaders. So, this is how we're using LinkedIn to further our movement. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Hey there, if you haven't met yet, I'm Nils Smith, VP of Marketing at Faith 

[00:31] Driven Movements, and I'm using this video series to [music] to really learn out loud help myself even process what I in my first year of leading marketing at Faith Driven Movements, which is a collective you're not familiar with Faith Driven Entrepreneur, Faith Driven Investor, [music] a Faith Driven Entrepreneur for teens, and probably most significantly what people know us best for is solving the world's greatest problems. And so, I want to just share what we're learning and how we're using LinkedIn as such a catalytic platform to help [music] us 

[01:01] accomplish our goals. And so, it's actually how I found out most about the organization. The two founders of our organization, Henry and Justin, are very active on LinkedIn. And so, people will often see [music] Henry's LinkedIn selfie videos or Justin's very thoughtful, you know, almost like blog articles that he posts on a daily basis. And so, their platforms have become a huge front door for our organization. And one of the things that I think is so key to understanding and why that is so 

[01:32] significant is because people connect to people more naturally connect to organizations, period. Now, I think that's especially the case on social media. And so, people naturally like, you know, they they connected Steve Jobs before they connected with Apple. This is not new. They they connected with Richard Branson before they were into Virgin Airlines. Or or what whatever that brand might be, we so often have a connection uh to their founders, to their CEOs, and and it creates a a personal connection. So, 

[02:02] we're [music] we're no no different. And we're just stewarding the platforms that our founders have [music] on this platform. Now, the reality is is that with our accounts, [music] they've outgrown even our our founders' accounts from an engagement perspective or from a follower perspective. But we still see organically their engagement being much higher because it's natural for people to engage with people more than they connect with their organization. So, it's not an either or. Does our founders, our CEO, or you know, 

[02:32] executive team, do they use LinkedIn or does our brand accounts We have multiple brand accounts, and every single one of our leaders is using LinkedIn. Let me show you on the screen some of the what I mean by all of this. Just want to interrupt myself real quick. Get back to the video in a minute, but want to highlight Amplify Social Media. Amplify is the agency that I started more than a dozen years ago. I transitioned out, handed the company over to Matt Williams, Jerilyn, incredible team at Amplify. They're continuing to help me. I'm a client now at Amplify. Still an owner, still have an aspect of 

[03:02] involvement, but really focused on my work at Faith Driven Movements. And so, I'm so proud of the team at Amplify, and I want to make sure that you, as you're watching this, if you are looking for help amplifying your message like I am with this video, reach out to the team at Amplify. talk to Farina, talk to Jerilyn, talk to Roy, talk to [music] any of the incredible team members there at Amplify, and I know they would love to help you amplify your message. They do everything from social media to podcast to YouTube videos like this to all kinds of content, websites, anything digital. They do not just social media, well that 

[03:33] is our specialty and where we really started, our services have expanded. So, make sure you reach out to the team at Amplify. Doesn't cost you anything to talk to them. Worth the conversation. See what they can do and if they can [music] help you amplify your message. Let's get back to the video. So, one of the first things you'll see as I open up LinkedIn here on my desktop is Henry, one of our co-founders, here doing one of his infamous selfie videos. Uh if I keep pulling this up, I will pull up Justin, our other co-founder, and you could see his account. You can see he's got 29,000 followers. It's a 

[04:04] significant following on LinkedIn. You can see even some of his posts have got 931 likes. And so, so much of what Justin is so good at is he He's a great writer. Uh and so, he always finds a good image and then creates creates a incredible hook that gets people's attention and is getting great engagement across his content. And then Henry &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; uses a much different strategy of much more personalized selfie videos that he consistently posts on his account. Let's go past him, but you can see some of his 

[04:35] posts are right here. And the engagement that they get. Now, I wouldn't say a lot of people are trying to even copy that functionality. That's Henry. That fits him well. The the post, the blog article post that Justin is using is probably what I would recommend for more leaders as that works pretty consistently across other accounts. But you got to find the flow that works best for you in in creating consistent content. And then as we look at even let's go to Faith Driven 

[05:06] Entrepreneur, our brand accounts. One of the things that we're very focused on is creating shareable content. You see we have 48,000 followers. All of this has been driven organically. So, we're not buying followers. You can even one of these other ones, you can see even the post impressions and the new followers and &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; what that looks like in the analytics. But you can see we use a lot of graphics within our content. We have begun posting more videos over the last year as LinkedIn is prioritizing what I call it Loop Talk, short-form vertical videos. So, we can see one here soon. 

[05:37] So, yeah, a lot more of the graphics that are for lawyers. One of those video clips where we're primarily primarily taking clips from our podcast and posting those here. And so, we're finding some of those have popped, but it's still the graphics and the text that are getting the best engagement for us on LinkedIn. And then the other thing that I want to note is you can see here even [music] as people have commented, Faith Driven Entrepreneur is responding to the comments. And so, leaving links as people ask questions and being 

[06:07] responsive there in the comments. And and and then the other thing that that we did is for all of our team members, we created banners. And so, you can see here at the top of my banner where it says Faith Driven Movements. And so, we we've encouraged and offered all of our team members to to add that to their profile. This is Christian on our team, and you can see she got the same banner there on her profile. Here is Rebecca, who is one of our key leaders and something that we're proud of. So, she's 

[06:37] using that brand-specific banner on her profile. And and so, we we use each other platforms to engage and interact. And [music] so, one of the things that we have found is that having a collective engagement strategy on LinkedIn is what really drives the best [music] engagement. And so, we don't want people to just go and and follow our leaders. We want people to kind of follow each other and cross-engage with our different leaders and hear different messages and different ways to engage. 

[07:07] And then finding opportunities to connect them with each other. So many of our leaders [music] are connecting with each other in the comments. Now, we have tried doing things like LinkedIn groups. We don't see great engagement there. We have tried using some of LinkedIn articles. Also not in great engagement. Some have done okay. And so, it kind of depends on what it is that you're posting and how you use some of that other functionality. But at the core, it's showing up every day, five days a week. So, we do Monday through Friday with a post and then responding [music] as fast as possible to the comments and 

[07:39] the messages that are coming in from your account. We also find that when it's in the first 30 minutes of a post that the comments is what really drives up the algorithm to showing your post to more people. Uh so, the more comments you can get on a post in that first 30 minutes is really important or valuable to getting great organic reach on that post. And every time you reply to someone's comment, that helps it get further reach [music] or whether somebody else in our community So, this is where I think us helping each other and commenting on each other's post help 

[08:10] raise the collective whole. Uh and so, that's how we're using [music] LinkedIn. And then we don't want to just leave people on LinkedIn. We want to move people from LinkedIn to our website. Typically how that's done on social media is through advertising. And so, when I've done this on YouTube or [music] Meta platforms, you would then retarget people that are engaged with your content to visit your website. We have tried that [music] on LinkedIn, and we have not found great success. Our best success has been organic on social media. We've tried doing some outbound 

[08:40] engagement on LinkedIn. I think we're going to do more of that in the future, but so far it it also hasn't proven to be real fruitful. What we have found to be fruitful is just responding to the private messages that have come in. And that was something that we weren't weren't doing a year ago. And so, that alone has gone a long way of just being responsive. [music] And And the reality is, I know here on LinkedIn or you know that there are so many [music] spammers there on LinkedIn. But mixed into the spam are some really curious and interested people that want 

[09:11] to connect with you. [music] And And so, taking the time or having somebody on your team or an assistant that's going to go through and and filter through the spam to get to some of the gold, it's worth it. And we have found it to be very fruitful in moving people from awareness of our organization to connecting in community within our organization. LinkedIn has been a core platform to do that. [music] So, we're going to keep leaning into LinkedIn. We're going to keep encouraging our leaders to lean into LinkedIn. We want all of our leaders posting five days a week [music] if possible. We're going to keep posting at least once a day on our 

[09:42] corporate accounts. And we're going to keep responding to people as fast as we can as we see LinkedIn as probably at this point the biggest front door [music] to our organization. I I think you could debate YouTube is maybe our our front door, especially from a community and a relationship standpoint, LinkedIn has been gold for us and an incredible platform. And that the truth is without [music] paying for any of the engagement, so many of these platforms are paid to play. LinkedIn, that's not so much the case. It It's really been just showing 

[10:12] up adding value to the platform, adding value to the conversation has has really you maximized the platform opportunity that we have to utilize LinkedIn as an engagement tool for our organization. So, that's how we're using it. Hope that helps. If you have any questions &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; on LinkedIn, let me know in the comments or DM me on LinkedIn. I read all of my DMs. Sometimes I get a little behind, but I do read all of my DMs. Would love to connect on LinkedIn as a platform or 

[10:42] even show you some of what is working best for us. Thank you so much for watching. If there's anything that we can do to help you or encourage you or answer any questions you might have, I hope this process of us learning out loud, of us building a public is helpful for you and your organization and what [music] it is that God's called you to lead and to build. And we're just here learning out loud and trying to serve entrepreneurs, investors, and problem solvers in creative waves and just doing that learning out loud here on YouTube. Thanks for watching. 

[11:13] We'll talk to you again on the next video. &gt;&gt; [music] 