# Building in Public: Response Infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9x8wnoTohw8 | 2026-02-25



[00:00] In this video, I'm going to talk about my first hire at Faith Driven Movements on our marketing team. And it might not be what you expect, but I think it might be a hire you might need to consider making for your organization. Let me explain. Hey there, if we haven't met yet, I'm Neil Smith, VP of marketing for Faith Driven Movements. That's the parent organization for Faith-driven Entrepreneur, Faith Driven Investor. We don't actually use the term faith-driven movements very often, but we have a bunch of organizations. But solving the world's greatest problems might be the brand that we're most familiar. [music] uh and it has been such a journey over 

[00:31] the last year to lead the marketing team, marketing efforts of the movement and of the organization. And so I'm doing this video series to just learn out loud uh to take some of the things that I have learned and share those with others and also help myself process [music] what I'm learning and maybe even make some adjustments along the way as I'm documenting this. [music] This is something I've done in the past for the last probably 15 years uh with other organizations and things that I built. actually built my own marketing agency uh before coming back into uh from being 

[01:01] in the consulting world and agency world to now being hands in the dirt building this this rocket ship in the air and it is so energizing and exciting and so I hope this is helpful. So let's talk about hired. But I think more than that, it's the why the hire. What roles. The first role that we actually put out publicly to hire for is our marketing director or we actually hire for a marketing coordinator. Saw it as more of a project manager in the process of of this. And I'm I'm one of those believers that get the right people on the bus and 

[01:31] find the right seats. Uh we found a great marketing leader who was more than a coordinator. Moved right into director. But that wasn't my first hire. My first hire was a a a marketing response manager. And if you've not heard of that, it is not a common role, but I believe it is a role that is too often undervalued in an organization. Now, one of these that almost every organization had historically was a receptionist. You know, you would have somebody that would be at the front desk 

[02:01] when people would show up to uh your organization or they'd answer the phone when people would call or they'd be the first ones to get the mail and go through the mail. when that arrived and they were basically your first line of defense from inbound engagement with the organization. Well, we're an organization that's fully remote and and a lot of organizations are this way. We have digital pathways that people engage with us. But one of the biggest missed opportunities that I see in almost every organization is that they're not they're they're putting out tons of content on social media. They're sending out tons 

[02:31] of emails through emails, newsletters, but they're not paying attention to the responses they're getting in their direct messages and in their comments and through those email replies that people are sending them. And and that's those are your warm leads. Those are the people that are most interested in activity that's happening in ministry. I just want to interrupt myself real quick, get back to the video in a minute, but want to highlight Amplify Social Media. Amplify is the agency that I started more than a dozen years ago. I've transitioned out. Handed the company over to Matt Williams, Jerlin, 

[03:02] incredible team at Amplify. They're continuing to help me. I'm a client now of Amplify, still an owner, still have an aspect of involvement, but really focused on. I work at Faith Driven Movements. And so, I'm so proud of the team at Amplify. And I want to make sure that you, as you're watching this, if you are looking for help amplifying your message like I am with this video, reach out to the team at Amplify. Amplify media. Talk to Matt, talk to Kelly, talk to Fina, talk to Jerry Lynn, talk to Roy, talk to any of the incredible team members there. Amplify and I know they would love to help you amplify your 

[03:32] message. They do everything from social media to podcast to YouTube videos like this to all kinds of content, websites, anything digital. They do not just social media. While that is our specialty and where we really started, our services have expanded. So, make sure you reach out to team at Amplify. Doesn't cost you anything to talk to them. Worth a conversation. and see what they can do and if they can help you amplify your message. Let's get back to the video. Life, those are the people that that are ready and eager to want to be ministered to. I [music] don't think you should be posting on social media if you're not in a place to respond to your 

[04:02] DMs. I'll just say it that bluntly. And if you're sending out email newsletters and and you're not monitoring how people are replying and some of the feedback that you're getting. Now, I know a lot of it isn't [music] fun. This is why I often don't think it needs to be the CEO primary leader doing this. But we need to have a a pathway or a process for [music] inbound engagement and communication as we as I I shared in my last video. If you haven't watched that, there's a link in the description below. I'd love for you to watch that. But but as we're building out uh our pathway to 

[04:33] engagement is come for the content, stay for the community. And so much of how that's happening is an email, but often how that's happening is in interactions uh through a question in a social media comment. Where do I go to do that? How do I what page is this on in the website? [music] And and so much is happening in the DM. So we hired a lady that that I had had the privilege of working with for years. Katrina is her name and she's done an incredible job of stepping in being a response manager for our marketing team. And so she responds to every inbound uh direct message on 

[05:04] LinkedIn, on Instagram, on Facebook, on all the platforms. And LinkedIn is our biggest platform for all of our brands for the most part. Um and so we we have, you know, dozens if not hundreds of inbound messages every single day uh on those platforms. And so she is monitoring those. We tried to do it through HubSpot so that everything was in one place. Initially, [music] I've used a platform historically called metrical for social media. Unfortunately, HubSpot hasn't functioned really well in that area for us. There's 

[05:35] a lot of just [music] disconnect in the way the messages come in where they don't all come in. So, Katrina is [music] doing a lot of that manually still today, a year after starting and and it works fine. I think we'll we'll need something as we grow that isn't just that inbound. The other thing and and I think the other language that is often used for a function like this is social listening. And so the other thing that Katrina is doing for our team is she's listening for what people are saying about our organization on LinkedIn or on Instagram [music] and and 

[06:05] on Facebook and then she shares it in a Slack thread for our entire staff to see. And sometimes she'll tag uh certain people she thinks it's going to be interesting for them to pay attention to or respond to. um because we know we want an individual persontoperson interaction whenever possible. So she's out listening to what people are saying and when our organization or one of our brands are mentioned so that she can highlight it and then our team members especially our key leadership team can go and respond and interact uh with those messages and and have those active 

[06:35] interactions. So, it's not just the organizations going interactive, but the personal platforms that that are interacting and having somebody that is on the front lines of listening to both what people are saying directly to us or indirectly on [music] their public platforms, having that that digital digital receptionist maybe as [music] a title that I've used in the past, but we we use the title of response manager in this role. Let me show you a document that she uses that might help you as you build up these systems in your organization. Okay, so this is a social 

[07:07] response management platform. So we just have between these three brands, FTE, Faith of an Entrepreneur, Faith Investor. A little bit about our voice and tone, uh some of those key websites and some personalized responses is like hi name, you know, here's an opening response or a closing response. And so it's almost like a call center, you know, and and so if you have a script for a call center, here here's what they do. Now, one of the things we encourage Katrina uh to [music] do is to personalize every communication and then every interaction she has, we encourage 

[07:37] her to uh add, you know, nuance to this document. And and so as people are responding, especially as you're seeing repeat responses and then she can bring it back to the leaders. And so the reality is is about 95% of messages are repeat messages, things that she already knows [music] how to respond to. But then there's about 5% that we need to wrestle through. How do we respond to this? And then that just continues to now she knows how to respond in the future. And so building out that response system allows volunteers to be able to step into the role with if [music] your organization has more 

[08:08] volunteer engagement or other staff members. So you're not dependent on one person at this point in our organization. It's one person you know that that does this role. So if Katrina can't do it, it's not happening. That's something we don't want to be dependent on long term. In the future, we hope to have even a full team, but there are capacity issues. Every organization wishes [music] they had more staffing in different areas. But what my encouragement would be to you is one define in your organization who is responding to those inbound messages that are coming in. Whether that's email, whether that's social media, and 

[08:39] then two, begin to work on a document, a simple response document of here's how we [music] respond to our most common responses in our DMs or public responses. Do we [music] when somebody responds to a a comment, do we say thank you or do we just like it? [music] What are our natural responses with our brand to what people are saying about us online? Whether that's in our private DMs or in our public comments, but develop that process. [music] And so this seems like something you would do as a phase six in development. Uh but I 

[09:11] saw this as as a critical, you know, phase two or second step after setting the foundational strategy and direction. It was like we've got to have a system for responding to inbound messages and so so grateful for Katrina the progress that's been made in this area and the interactions that have happened uh and been so fruitful. So that as I look back on the decisions made the first year that was a a great decision. I haven't made all great decisions but bringing Katrina in and prioritizing this aspect of our marketing efforts has proven to be very fruitful. So hope that helps 

[09:42] you. Any questions don't hesitate to to comment below. I'd love to answer any questions you might have as I'm going to keep learning out loud as we're building here in public. And if you're not yet engaged with Faith Driven Entrepreneurs, solving the world's greatest problems, I encourage you go check out our websites, go check out our brands, follow us on social media. I think you'll be glad you did. I hope this is helpful [music] and we'll talk to you again on the next video. &gt;&gt; [music] 