# Building in Public: Marketing Strategy and Brand Guides
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MVzjx-PJF0 | 2026-02-13



[00:00] Welcome to the first video of building in public with Faith-Driven Movements. I'm the VP of marketing at Faith Driven Movements. I just I'm coming up on my one-year mark and I decided to do what I've always done and this is what I used to do with a blog and uh that I would do with a podcast and and here on YouTube, but I'm learning out loud. I am building in public. And so I'm going through a process of analyzing our first year and the things that we prioritized and focused on from a marketing efforts standpoint at Faith-driven Movements. And I want to just share out loud what 

[00:30] I'm doing because I think these things can help you in your organization. If you're an entrepreneur, if you're a nonprofit leader, if you're a pastor, a church leader, whatever it is that you lead your marketing efforts, there's a process. There's things to prioritize and you can't do everything at once. So, I'm going to walk you through the process over the next series of videos as to what I prioritized in getting started in my role. Now, Faith Removements has been around for about six or seven years. I just did that 67. I realize that I didn't mean to do that. But it has been around and maybe by the 

[01:00] time you're watching this that it's like what is that six seven thing? Yeah, I'm too old to do that, but I have been faith-driven movements existed before me and so I inherited what was already existed as a marketing plan and so I had to jump in and learn and then lead out of where things were to where we desired for thing things to go. And so I'm going to share all of those processes. I want to honor those that came before me, what brought them to this place. I want to honor our team that I get to work so closely with. I want to honor our leadership at Faith Driven Movements as 

[01:30] to what we've been able to build together. This is not something I did or even just our marketing team did. This is something that people that were involved in marketing before me helped to to shape and to build and those holistically in our organization. And honestly, everyone involved from a volunteer standpoint, from just engagement standpoint, it has been quite a journey. And I think we're just getting started. So, let's get into the beginning of building out loud in this new series with Faith-Driven Movements. 

[02:00] Hey, if we haven't met yet, I'm Neil Smith, uh, VP of marketing for Faith Driven Movements. Also founder of Amplify Social Media. Before joining Faith Moons, I was a consultant essentially. I have a marketing agency. Still owned that agency. If you want some help, Amplify Social Media is who is producing this video. And so, I want to thank the Amplify team. If you need some help with your marketing efforts, Amplify exists to do just that. I made the decision about a year ago that the mission of Faith Driven Movements was so incredible that I needed to step out of full-time consulting a agency building to now building this organization, this 

[02:32] ministry that is a collective of brands and different objectives among each of them, but collectively work together to solve some of the world's greatest problems. And so, I'm so passionate about this mission that I went all in. And so a as we've been building, I've been documenting and wanting to share some of the things that we prioritize. So the beginning is here's what I did in my first month as I was jumping in and I was learning. I was looking for documentation. I was looking for like who does what? How what are our processes? What are our systems? So much of marketing is built on rhythms. What 

[03:03] are your rhythms when it comes to a social media calendar, an email calendar, a brand guide? Just what are your core systems? And the reality is, and it's understandable, in an organization that was our age and stage, there weren't a whole lot of systems. It was just like, we just got to get out another email. We got to get up another social media post. We kind of know our brand. We don't have time to slow down and document. And so, so much of what I needed to do in the beginning is to slow down so that we could build some efficiency through our rhythms and systems. So, I want to show you what I put together. Okay. So, I'm a Google Slides guy. You can see here on my 

[03:34] screen, I just went and created a Google Slides deck. Now, I will thank Daryl Lynn on my team. She helps me with so many of these things. She's part of the team at Amplify who just has helped me through the years create tons and tons of Google Slides decks. So, I just started with what is our marketing team's objective? What are we trying to do? And foundationally, what I had heard as I got started and what I saw is the designs, the websites, the social media post, beautiful, incredible design. But what was our what is our greatest strength and what it continues to be our 

[04:04] greatest strength is we're great at creating content that inspires video content in particular that inspires people to take actions inspires entrepreneurs to take action inspires faith-driven investors to go and apply their faith to their investment activities that inspires people to move from success to significance uh through our halftime brand that inspires teenagers through faith through an entrepreneur for teens to then become entrepreneurial and the way you approach what God is calling you to do and then through our brand solving the world's 

[04:34] greatest problems to really inspire people to take action in solving the world's greatest problems. So these are our brands. We have this collective of brands and so we want to move people. We often say come for the content stay for the community. We know that real change is happening in community. So we use our incredible content to bring that to people but with the objective from a marketing perspective is not just to get your eyeballs on this content but [music] then to get you engaged in community because as we we have found that when people get involved in community that's where they best take action. So that that's our core objective. This is our core just even 

[05:04] [music] how do we function as a team? Uh it starts with strategy. You you've got to like what what is our core strategy? It's not just to send an email. Why do we send an email? Why do we post on social media? Why do we have a website? We don't shouldn't just have those things because Compassion International has these things because you know Amazon has these things. We have these things for a reason. They have a function. There's tactics [music] and strategies that we have to build together to accomplish our mission. And so it starts with strategy development. We don't want to just strategically fly blind. Then it 

[05:35] moves into marketing execution. People often say when it comes to your software, it's not what you've got, it's how you use it. And I so believe in that. When it comes to marketing, you can get by. People often talk HubSpot or go high level. Go high level is so much deeper and you can do just about anything you could ever want to do. Go high level. While I do prefer HubSpot personally, there's market execution is so key in successful marketing efforts. And that moves into analytics reporting. I'm just one of those believers that so so often we perceive the success of our marketing as to one just how does it 

[06:06] look? How does it feel? What does our key stakeholder say? But at the end of the day, what action did it cause people to take? There are so many metrics that we can identify uh that can define whether we're successful or not and what adjustments do [music] we need to make to our strategy or our execution to be more successful. So a high priority on analytics and then optimization when we're looking at the data and what the data is telling us. How do we then get better? How do we optimize our current structure? So that that was the core just here's how we function as a marketing team. So we want to move people from content into community. We 

[06:39] want to have a strategic approach to how we do that. And then this is the core just pathway that I documented out based on what I was experiencing and learning. And and that was to move people from organic social media into using digital advertising, which we hadn't done as of yet. I'll get to that in a future video. The efforts we made and continue to make in digital advertising. Moving people into being a website visitor. This is what I would often say is moving people from awareness to consideration. And then into email engagement. This is where we perceive that somebody they visit our website, we want to get them 

[07:09] on our email list. And then when they're on email list, we want to get them and that's where they start with the content from social media and on our website into community where they're taking action to then getting into one of our foundation groups or one of our different community engagement opportunities. And so moving them from email into community engagement. And then at the core, each step of our process is moving people into into action through a value equation. This is something that I borrowed from Alex Heroszi, but it's looking at how much value can we drive through when somebody 

[07:39] first visits our website or they see a post on social media or they get an email is understanding our core audience and and this really becomes in our brand development is who are we trying to reach? What action do we want them to take? And so we look at a dream outcome of of somebody that's visiting our site. If they're a faith-driven entrepreneur, what is their dream outcome? If they're a faith-driven investor, what is their dream outcome? And what is their perceived likelihood of achievement? how how much do they perceive that we're the ones and how can we I'm I'm a story brand guide story brand guy not a guide 

[08:10] but I uh believe that we want to be someone's guide and how do we show that we're a trustworthy guide to help them go from where they are to where they want to be and then at the end of the day what is the time delay and the effort and sacrifice they're going to have to make to do that and and so whatever our pitch is whether that's how we're communicating on our website to our emails when it comes from our content and moving people in community is how likely are we going to be to help them achieve what they're looking to achieve? And sometimes that's perceived, you know, uh, value and sometimes it's 

[08:40] actual value. Uh, because sometimes people think they're coming for this, but what they actually want is um, something different. And and so at the core though, we want to be so transparent up front is this is the value we're bringing. One of the other amazing things as I got to know this organization is people and it's a question I had when I was going through the interview process is what's the catch? Everything is free. You know, like the course is free, the content is free. Aren't you selling something? And and we do have some things we put prices on, but but that's more so that people will actually show up, have a little skin in the game. That is not our core 

[09:11] business model. And we're nonprofit organization. Our core model is to to raise up a million faith-driven entrepreneurs. Our core model is to raise up more faith-driven investors and to get people to get in the game in these areas and with these brands that you see with faith driven entrepreneur, teams, investor solving the world's greatest problems at halftime. And so so much of the value proposition is that there is no catch that that we really are providing you a ton of value for free and [music] and it's just so that we can accomplish the mission God's given us to do and we accomplish our mission when you better accomplish yours. And it really isn't too good to 

[09:42] be true even though it perceives to be that way. And then I went from this into building on an org chart and and kind of who's doing what getting into more SOPs within our team and and and I would say I [music] started very high level what what are basically the the top five things that everyone is doing so that we can just kind of know who's doing what to accomplish these things when it comes to our email when it comes to our social media when it comes to our websites. And when when I started we had a team of about five. We've grown significantly since then and I know compared to a lot of organizations that a marketing team 

[10:12] of five is significant. And so one of the things that happens as you grow there you move from more generalist to specialist and so a lot of people on our teams are moving from this you know six sevenyear organization to you know the next phase of development with you know our team is now double that from when I started a year ago and so getting more specialist in the roles and having definition as to who is doing what what are those expectations okay so once I get clarity as to here's what we're doing the other thing that we needed clarity around is our brands the 

[10:43] challenge is is We had five different brands that had different looks and feels, different fonts, different colors, but they were under one umbrella. And so we needed to figure out how do we both differentiate these brands [music] and define these brands. And one of the things I I put out there, and it's not something I've done a whole lot of, but every organization I've been has a brand guide. And so I was like, guys, we we need to work on a brand guide. So grateful to I want to just shout out Marissa and Angela on our team who did such an incredible job building out many of these brand guides. Julian as well. And uh they did a great job. And and one of the realities is is I'm 

[11:14] going to show you one of our brand guides, but what we started with isn't what we have today. Every month, we're looking at how can we enhance this brand guide. How how do we create more clarity with this brand guide so that it is a brand resource center so that both our team members outside of marketing have the assets they need, but also inside of marketing, whether it's a copywriter, whether it's a designer, whether it's a video editor, that they can go to that brand guide and just almost be reminded of this is who our target audience is. Here's the things they like. Here's the fonts we use. Here's the messaging that we use and don't use. So, let me show you one of our brand resource centers to 

[11:44] give you an idea of what that looks like. [music] Okay, so this is our brand faith-driven entrepreneur. And you can see here when you go to the resource center, it starts with brand name, brand foundation. You can actually literally click on that and it'll go to that section. It'll literally give you the exact colors you need. If you were going to the colors, you can start with like dos and don'ts. If you spin that out, it's like [music] here's what we do and don't do. Do we use FTE or do we not use FTE? you know what what are some of the things that we do and don't do with our brand from a messaging or capitalization 

[12:14] standpoint. We want consistency in how our brand is represented. And what happens is sometimes you have different people and contractors that come into your organization and they just kind of take different leeway. You want to create some boundaries. That's helpful for creatives that they know what boundaries do I have to work within and what creative freedoms uh do I also have. So that gets into the brand voice and the purpose and the tone. These are the logos. So if you needed, you know, sometimes that there's a partner that we work with, they need a logo. We just go to the brand resource center and get them a logo. What size do they need? Is it a horizontal or is it stacked? Here's 

[12:45] the iconography. Here's the typography, photography that you can use. So we literally just have stock photos and real photos that fit. Here's our core values integrated [music] in. Here's our target audience that we're going after. This persona exercise, I can't recommend enough. Maybe I'll do a separate video in the future, but a lot of this stuff was already developed and I was great for that. we just needed to put it in one place, people that could go and find. And some of this is also was developed and then changed and and we're targeting new audiences and in different ways. Even things like the email 

[13:15] signature. Here's here's basically new employees when they're coming on. Here's the email signature that you need to add or business cards if you needed to get them printed, letterhead, slide decks, and just basically Google Doc template all right here for people to access. And so yeah, so that's a brand resource center. So, so yeah, we basically went from or so in that first month really prioritizing what is our strategy, how do we function and then what is our infrastructure from a brand and messaging standpoint. The reality is we 

[13:46] we had conferences going on, we had activities that we had to keep up with. I would have loved for it to go faster. It it's been a process I would say that's been ongoing for the past year, but as I look [music] back on a year, this gave really good clarity for our team, especially as new team members were coming on. And so if anything, you know, we maybe got this done in the first quarter of last year. If anything, I would have even put more urgency to get this done in the first month. And so, yeah, it really gave us though a framework to work within. I'm eager to dive in to our next steps as we really 

[14:16] get into the websites, into the social media, into the advertising. But as we're building out loud here and and as we're building in public faith-driven movements, I just wanted to share some of the things that I'm learning from a marketing perspective. And I hope that it helps you. If there's ever anything I can do to help you, drop comments. love to answer any questions you might have or of things that we're doing because we want to inspire entrepreneurs. We want to inspire leaders of all kinds. And so if we can take from what we're building and help you with your business or with your ministry, your nonprofit, that is a gift. And so I just wanted to take the exercise of helping myself learn out 

[14:47] loud and go through this exercise of documenting and looking back, but then also take those things and hopefully share and help you as well. So hope this is helpful. This is the first session in this series. We'll see how far this goes and I'm going to start documenting more of the journey now that I'm about a year in. Thanks so much for [music] watching. We'll talk to you again on the next video. [music] 