# Is This The BEST Cheap Wireless Microphone? FIFINE M9 Tested
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-L1rorglfQ | 2025-09-23



[00:00] Hey guys, Neil Smith here and today we are testing the Cammonic microphones compared to the Fifine microphones and we're going to let you decide which ones are better and I got Shelby here with me today to help. Shelby, thanks for being with me. &gt;&gt; No problem. &gt;&gt; So, I introduced the video. I introduced my daughter Shelby and we are both holding these little microphones that you could just clip on to your shirts if you want to, like a lavalier microphone. And the back plugs right into the computer and then it comes with this 

[00:31] little case. So Shelby, what do you think about the ceremonics? &gt;&gt; Looks pretty nice. So this is about $120 if you buy it on Amazon or when I bought this and I've had this for about a year and it's a pretty good little microphone set. Comes with this charging case. Everything you just put them right in here and they charge and plugs into a USBC. Great setup and it plugs right into the back of my iPhone or I can switch it out for a USBC case. Now, Fifine sent me this new microphone set that's almost identical to the 

[01:01] Ceremonic. Oh, I almost just broke it already. But you open it up, you can see it all in here. So, I'm going to take it out and connect it to Shelby's phone here in a minute, and we'll be able to test. Now, this video, to be clear, is about the microphones, but we're also recording the ceremonics on my iPhone 14. We're going to record the Fifines on my daughter's Samsung Flip. So, you kind of get to check the video as well, but let's focus on the audio. So, yeah, let us know how does the cammonic sound and then we're going to switch to the Fifine 

[01:32] here in a minute. So, Shelby, just test the microphone a little bit. Go test &gt;&gt; test. &gt;&gt; Okay, so you hear mine and these are great for interviews. You can use it. You can also put it has like a filter you can put on the top of the microphone. So, let me show you up close. That is what the microphone looks like. I don't like to have the filter on there. I think it works pretty good without the filter. But if you're in a really noisy place, you're outside and there's wind, you can put the wind filter on there. And I like to just hold it rather than clip it to my shirt. But depends on what you're doing. Maybe you can just clip it to your shirt. But works great connecting to your phone if you want to get some good audio. So 

[02:03] yeah, that's the Cammonic. I think that's everything to do with that. Let's jump into the Fifine now. All right, welcome back. We are now on the Samsung Flip phone and now we're also using the Fifine microphone. So Shelby, what do you think of the Fifon microphones? &gt;&gt; Looks pretty good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, similar. You pointed out something that was pretty cool just a second ago. What's on the back? &gt;&gt; Uh, it has a little face on it. &gt;&gt; A little smiley face. So maybe a little happier now. It does feel it is smaller than the other one, right? 

[02:33] &gt;&gt; So maybe it feels a little cheaper. And I think when you get into the the little adapter that connects to the phone, it doesn't have like a full like screen like the Cammonic has. And so let me actually show you the Cammonic. Got to even cut a little bit out here. and turn this on. &gt;&gt; Okay. When you get on the ceremonic, you can actually see here it's got like a full screen. This just has some like lights to show that the microphones are turned on. You can see on each of our microphones, you can see they're turned on with a little blue light on there. And then on the connector, the adapter, 

[03:03] it has a like a couple of like lights that will show that it's connected and working to the microphone. So, yeah, works good. I think the question is is the audio just as good? And so, I think that's what is up to you to tell. So, you know, as you're watching the video, we're recording right now, so we're not able to tell the audio is as good, but Shelby, if you were to pick between the two, what would you pick just based on what you see and feel of the two? &gt;&gt; Um, I would pick this one because it's like slightly smaller and also easier to carry around. 

[03:33] &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's let's actually show the the microphones next to each other. You want to show You want to grab one, too? So you can actually see it is maybe the Fine is maybe a little bit thicker, but it's it's a little bit smaller as the microphone, but the case is for sure smaller. So let me show these two cases side by side and like see a little thinner. Yeah, look at how thin that much thinner that is. So yeah, so significant probably half the size in the case itself. The microphones are similar, the little connectors, the 

[04:03] adapters are are similar, but the case itself is smaller. So yeah, I'm with you, Shelby. You know, the audio is just as good. I I'm going to go with the smaller case for sure. So, you tell us which is better and we'll come back. I'm going to go back to the iPhone and back to the Ceremonic and then we'll give our final thoughts as we come back. All right. The last test that Shelby and I wanted to do. We're back on the iPhone now uh so you can compare the video. But we want to test what does it sound like without a microphone at all? Just using the iPhone microphone. Shelby, you want 

[04:33] to say something to test it? &gt;&gt; Testing. Testing. That's the perfect thing. Shelby was also letting me know that I don't She doesn't think I even need a microphone cuz I talk so loud and that's I'm on Zoom calls all day and that's like in my neighbors in my office say like, "You're pretty loud in there." So, yeah, I'm a loud talker. Sorry about that. &gt;&gt; That's okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Shel Shel's a 13-year-old. She's got to put up with old dad, but that's how it goes. So, all right. This is without a microphone. And now we'll come back and share our thoughts right after this. All right, we're back and this is the last section of this video. We did 

[05:05] the Cammonic on my iPhone. We did the Fifine on your Samsung Flip. We did the iPhone with no microphones. And now we're back to the Ceremonic on the iPhone. Shelby, we've watched the videos, listened to them. We now we're using the speakers on our phones, so maybe not the best audio, but we we did get an understanding of what was better. What was your take between the different microphone options? &gt;&gt; Um, I did like this one better. I don't know. &gt;&gt; The ceremonic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Ceremonic. 

[05:35] &gt;&gt; So, even though it's bigger, uh, you like the sound better. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What would be your second favorite? &gt;&gt; The only other option, &gt;&gt; the fifine. Yeah. And we thought too without a microphone, it sounds a little tiny, right? Or you said like sounds AIish &gt;&gt; and echoey. &gt;&gt; And echoey. Yeah. So, definitely a microphone helps. And so, the reality is and and one of the other things and why we had to switch to Shelby's phone is the other problem I had with the Fifine is only had a USB C connector. And so that's why I had to use the Android. 

[06:05] Now, most new iPhones have the USBC. I'm on an iPhone 14 still. Uh I'll catch up one of these days, but I uh I had to use her phone to use the Fifine. So, if you got an older iPhone, the Fifine's not going to work for you or you're going to have to get some kind of adapter. The Ceremonic just had the direct connector right into my iPhone, and it has an adapter to USBC, so it would have worked on everything. So, yeah, I'm with you, Shelby. I think the Ceremonic sounds better. But here's the thing. This is $50. This is $120 and so if you're on a budget, this sounds great. So I 

[06:36] definitely still recommend the Fine 500. I wish I could have told everyone that they should just get this no matter what your budget is that it's better. I don't think it's better. I think the Cammonic is a better microphone set, but for the price, the Fifine is still a really good option and it's better than no microphone at all. And it's two microphones, so you can do a great interview with it or you can just use one microphone. So, for 50 bucks to have a high quality microphone or $120 to have a really high quality system that you can use even in a loud place, I think both microphones are good options. 

[07:06] But if I'm comparing the two, I got to be honest, the Ceremonic is the winner. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right, Joe Shelby, thanks for joining us and thank you guys for watching. We will catch you on the next episode. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] 