# Are Meta RayBans Worth the Price
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCK-wdCq8xs | 2025-05-15



[00:00] Hey there. If we haven't met yet, I'm Neil Smith, your social media guide, and I make videos here on YouTube about digital marketing, social media, and today I'm talking about my new Meta Ray-B band glasses. I say new, I've had them about 6 weeks. I've had some time to play with them. This is actually my second pair of Meta Ray-B bands. I bought the first pair with the first edition and and they were honestly just so useless uh that I couldn't justify keeping them. And so, I had them for about a week, sent them back. Uh but with the new ones with Meta AI, I was curious, are these going to be worth it? Are these going to be valuable? So, 

[00:30] let's talk about what they do and then I'll share whether I think they're worth it, whether I think you should pay $300ish. I say is because they're never really just $300 for these glasses and whether they're worth it for me and whether they're worth it for you and whether you should or shouldn't. So, I'll give you the insights as I have experienced them and what I'm planning to do in the future. So, first of all, let's talk about what these glasses can do. The first thing people see is that it has a camera both here and here on the glasses 

[01:00] and they can take pictures. It has a little button here at the top. I can just push that button, take a picture. Let me look at you and I'm going to take a picture of myself in my teleprompter looking at you as you're looking at me. And so I'll post this picture and you can see what it looks like. I can also push that little button twice and now it's taking a video and you can see uh took another photo and you can see it flash there. Uh some I got to hold it down I think. Now it's taking a video. You can see it kind of flashes a little bit while it's taking a video. And so 

[01:30] yeah, it's cool. And then I just push it again and it stops. Or I can just say, "Hey, Meta, take a photo." And it just took a picture. So yeah, it takes pictures, it takes videos. The quality is okay. It's not as good as the phone, but it's better than the first version. So they're okay. They also have a little touch bar here on the side. I can turn the volume down, up. I can just click on things if if something happens to play a YouTube video or turn it off or play an audio book and turn it off. So, you know, some functionality that is helpful. I I consider consider it very similar to the Apple Watch where 

[02:02] it's nice to have, not essential to have. Uh the other thing that it does is it has headphones built into it. So, as I talk to it and a microphone somewhere, I don't know where the microphone is, but I make phone calls on it. uh and I can hear them, they can hear me. And it honestly does a really good job in phone calls when I'm in a quiet place. Now, the reality is it's not really loud enough uh for me when I'm live in New York City, so when I'm walking down the street, I can't really do a phone call there, but in my office, I'll take phone calls on them. Works as good as headphones. I like not having to have 

[02:32] AirPods uh in my ear all the time. I like having being able to have the glasses and and I find, you know, that it works pretty good as headphones uh essentially to to listen to. But yeah, that that's pretty much all the functionalities. You got the camera. So, I keep getting messages and it's driving me nuts. It's uh you know, a little distracting. And for that reason, I often turn it off uh because of all the distractions. Now, you can control the notifications and things like that. So, there's some good and bad with it, but I I will say that that at the end of the 

[03:02] day, the value uh of that and the notifications uh is honestly more annoying than it is helpful. And so, I don't love that functionality. But I think if I were going to really dig into it and control it a little bit better, that would get better. But it it at the end of the day, it works as headphones. It works as a camera and it has meta AI built into it. And so basically chat GBT with voice where I can have conversations with it, ask it things. And and my two cents on meta AI is it's just not as good. I think about I'm pretty used to using chat GBT and Claude. I'm actually using Grock more 

[03:32] and more way better LLMs from an AI standpoint. So, it's cool functionality, but it's basically like Alexa. And I feel like the functionality of Alexa, it's just not as good as what we've become used to with Chat GPT. So, yeah, let me talk about the good and the bad with that and whether I think it's worth it. So, that's what all it can do. And let me let me share kind of some of the good and the bad. So, I would say the good is that they're kind of fun. They're kind of cool. They, you know, the photos are the videos are okay. It's right there. So, when in a place where I don't want to pull out my phone, I can 

[04:02] take a quick photo or a video. So that's that's good. The audio when I'm in a quiet place is good at listening and you know for listening to things without having to put headphones in. So that's good. I I would say the look of them I'm mixed. I'm 50/50 on it. I have a lot of people that like oh I didn't even realize those were not. So they look like normal glasses to people. Some people that are looking for them notice that they're Meta Ray bands and kind of like oh that's kind of fun you have the meta ray bands. Or some people are like oh are you taking a photo of me right now? So I think that's mixed reviews. 

[04:33] There are a little bulkier than regular glasses, but they're not heavy. They they fit and feel just like regular glasses. So, I would say that's good. But honestly, I wouldn't pick these thick of frames if I wasn't getting the meta ray bands. They did, you know, and I'd got prescription lenses put into mine. So, at the end of the day, the total cost was more like $450. So, probably, you know, an extra $150 of what I would have paid for a new pair of glasses already. So, little bit extra, you know, with glasses. But because they have my prescription in them, I do use them all the time. I got the extra lenses with the whatever the 

[05:05] blue filter for looking at computers more cuz I'm looking at a computer screen all day. So, I guess that's good. Uh, but that you get that if you're getting regular glasses. People often ask me, can you see things? Does it pop things on your lenses? No. Uh, it doesn't do that like people perceive. Honestly, I think that would be annoying. Now that I experience it with the audio alerts, I definitely don't think I want alerts like that in front of my eyes. So, I as I look to the future, I think that's probably going to be part of our future. I don't look forward to that as much. I can look at my my Apple Watch to see quick notifications in front of me uh easy 

[05:35] enough. I don't need it to be right in front of my eyes when I'm in a meeting or doing something else. So, I'm I'm not looking uh forward to that functionality and feature. I I will say with the audio, my wife always tells me she's like, "We can all hear what's happening." So, when I'm on a phone call and somebody else is in the room, they can hear. It's not where it's just me hearing it. And so, they give this perception that it's like you could listen to it on the subway and only you hear it. That's not the case. really is while it's better for you to hear, uh, other people can hear noise around you. 

[06:05] So, it's not like headphones in your ear, it is like almost like a mini speaker right next to your ear. So, I would say that's a a you know, I got to put headphones in still when I get on the subway and do other things. So, doesn't replace my headphones in that way. It's also not as good as headphones for phone calls. So, that's understandable, but also not it's not replacing that device for me. Camera, I think, is as good as I would expect for this. So, I'd give that a plus. the audio when it's taking video is definitely not very good. And so it's it's really better for just, you know, the photo and the video image, not 

[06:36] necessarily for a full video. But I wouldn't expect that uh with my glasses. So it's not replacing my camera phone or my phone camera. It's an additional camera that's right there on my face all the time and so easier to use. So at the end of the day, the question is, is it worth it? And and I would say, you know, practically the camera isn't that big of a value ad to me. I'd maybe give that an extra 20 bucks of value if I were to, you know, add the camera. And the the glasses with the headphones built into them. I I bought some off of Tik Tok 

[07:06] shop for my daughter and she uses them for her Zoom calls for her classes and and different things. And honestly, they work just as good as these glasses. And so, basically, she has met Ray-B bands without having to pay the $300 for Meta Ray-B bands, just the Bluetooth Ray-B bands. And so they connect to her computer and to her phone as Bluetooth headphones, give that functionality. They just don't have the camera built into them and they don't have the meta integration. But what they do have is you can actually connect chat GPT audio 

[07:36] to it. So she can still use that voice AI through her glasses with Bluetooth. So, at the end of the day, if I were just buying a pair of glasses, comparing a $20 Bluetooth glasses off of Tik Tok shop and some Meta Ray-B bands, I'd probably just get those and use Bluetooth to do chat GPT audio and and use use that native functionality and just pull out my phone whenever I want to take a picture. I just don't think the value is here yet. And and so, while I'm not going to send these back like I did that first pair of Meta Ray-B bands, 

[08:06] I'll keep them. I'll keep playing with them. And I'm curious to see maybe Meta AI will get a lot better quicker. That that would be the biggest value ad to me is if Meta AI became as good as Chat GPT and I could use it all. But at this point, a camera Bluetooth headphones uh built into my glasses. Cool little device, but not worth $300. That's my two cents. What do you think? Are you thinking about buying the Meta Ray-B bands? Do you already have the Meta Ray-B bands? Do you agree with me? Do you disagree with me? I want to know. That's my take 6 weeks into the Meta 

[08:36] Ray-B bands. I'll keep you posted. I I'll keep posting updates as I learn, as I experiment with them more and more. It is a look, I think, into the future. You can see where Meta is going with this, and I can see the progress they've made in the last couple of years since I bought that first pair. So, I'm encouraged by that. They're a fun toy, but they they're not worth the price. At least not yet. That's my two cents. Let me know what you think. I can't wait to talk to you again on the next video. Thanks so much for watching. [Music] 