# 3 Must-have Tech Tools For Parents
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrjz1r6mLLM | 2024-10-31



[00:00] Parents, this video is for you. Do you have kids that are using technology, feeling overwhelmed, confused, not sure what to do, how to monitor their engagement online? This video is for you. I'm going to share three tools that are going to help you better engage with your kids as they begin to use these devices and give you a lot of peace of mind when it comes to technology integration with your kids. Hey there, if we haven't met yet, I'm 

[00:31] Neil Smith, your social media guide. And today, I'm going to talk to parents. I want to talk to parents about three tools that we have found as to how to better engage your kids and how to better basically give them access to technology and for you to feel comfortable with that. One of the things I hear from parents all the time is it's just so overwhelming of like kids have access to all these things that we didn't have. It was so much easier back in the day. And the truth is as a parent, it actually freaks me out to think about what my parents had to go through not being able to to communicate 

[01:02] with me excessively through a phone when I started driving or when I was roaming around the neighborhood, they couldn't just get a hold of me and track where I was. I believe it actually makes it easier to parent through technology today than it did back in my day when I was growing up for my parents. And so, I think it's actually a great opportunity. There are some other unique challenges that come with it. I'll be clear about that, but I think there's just incredible opportunities to be engaged with your 

[01:32] kids with their activity online. So, let's get into the apps that I'd recommend using. The first app is, you know, a go-to for anybody when it comes to just tracking where your kids are, and that is Life360. Life360 is what we use in our family and we can actually track where our kids go, where they went. We can actually track if they're in a car where somebody's speeding or if they're in their car and they're speeding. Now, our kids live in New York City, they're not driving. But, if the case, you can actually track it. 

[02:03] My wife will actually give me a hard time if I'm traveling and she can see that I'm in a car that's going too fast, it will send her an alert. And so, it's just a great way. Some other people use Apple Find My Phone and other things, but Life360 works on both iPhones and Android devices. And it's just a great tool to track where your kids are all the time. And so, for my kids, they they got phones when they're probably about 9 years old and we've been able to track anytime they go anywhere they leave our house, they have their device with them 

[02:34] all the time and we're able to track where they are. And we can kind of know where they are at any time. And so, it gave us a lot of trust with knowing where they are at any given time to be able to track that and keep up with them easily. And they know where we are and they're able to track when I'm on my way home or when I'm traveling. And so, Life360 is just a great way to just stay connected with where each other are in in the world through our devices. So, Life360 is a good just 

[03:05] tracking platform from a location standpoint. The second app that I recommend is a platform called Bark. Now, I tested a lot of different things. Disney had a great tool called Circle. I don't know if that's still a thing, but Bark has become the go-to for a lot of people when it comes to just internet tracking. It works great on computers, it works great on smartphones, it works great on Android and iPhones. I actually find it to work better on Android than iPhones because of some of the privacy stuff on iPhones. 

[03:35] But but at the end of the day, Bark is what I've found to be the go-to in just tracking what my kids are doing on the internet. And it will track their text messages, it will track their social media engagement, it will track a lot of different things going on online. And you can actually control the levels of tracking and accessibility that you're giving their kids on your kids on their different devices. And so, Bark is really the go-to in really monitoring their internet engagement. It will flag certain things and give us alerts. And 

[04:05] one of the things I've actually enjoyed is my kids will, prior to even knowing that we get alerts, they'll have something pop up on their computer and they're just like, "Hey, I want to let you know in case this pops up on my Bark that I didn't mean to do this and this happened." Bark is such a great just tracking platform as to what they're doing on the internet. And it will flag certain words and and phrases or videos that that might pop up. And so, it has great filters on it and I have found it to be the best just engagement online 

[04:35] engagement tracking tool with my kids. Now, one of the things I'm trying to figure out is I've got a 12-year-old and a 15-year-old. When do I begin to pull off of some of these things to give them more freedoms? But at this point, I'm all in. I'm tracking everything they do online. And that gives me great peace of mind as to what's going on without having to look over their shoulder all the time and have everything publicly accessible because I can access everything they're doing on their devices pretty much all the time thanks to Bark. Now, the third tool I love, 

[05:05] especially as my kids get older, is banking and online banking. And people have asked me too like, "What do you do with like PayPal and you know, things like that?" And so, we have used a found an app called Greenlight. And Greenlight is basically a way to give your kids their first bank account and and begin to get used to tracking their money. And and so, where we do allowance in our house can earn money or they our kids babysit, they use Greenlight and they basically have a bank account. It started as they get a debit card and 

[05:35] we're able to even track their chores within Greenlight and then get send them a money from our account to their account. But then, Greenlight has gotten better and better the more we use it. And so, they can actually have a savings account. They have like a checking account or they call it a spending account in Greenlight and they can have a savings account that has small interest, but then it also has an investing account where they can actually choose stocks that they want to invest in. It's like Robinhood on their app. And so, my youngest daughter is actually invested in the S&amp;P 500 and she's seen her money begin to increase. 

[06:06] We've been able to talk about compounding interest and learning how to make let your money make money. And and so, it's been a great platform to teach our kids about money and especially as the world has gotten more digital. So, when I was growing up, it wasn't until I was about 18 years old that I got my first debit card and a checkbook and I had to track everything in my checkbook. Well, now they're able to do this online and they're able to use their phone and it actually connects to Apple Pay. So, they can actually spend through their debit card off of their phone or use their physical debit 

[06:37] card. And one of the things we also like about Greenlight is that with their debit cards, they can actually design their own debit card. And so, they were able to kind of create a custom design for their debit card. So, Greenlight has made money engagement and tracking very fun. It also allows us as parents to track everything they're spending money on. When I was a kid and I had just cash, my parents had no idea what I was spending my money on. They couldn't help guide me along the way of excess spending and saving my money. They they didn't know. 

[07:07] It was all kind of in my pocket or wasted on something silly. And with our kids, we're able to monitor how they're spending money and help guide them along the way and teach them about budgeting and saving and all of those things that help our kids become more independent and mature and grow in financially. And so, those three apps as a parent have really given me a lot more trust and just freedom in allowing my kids to be digitally native and grow in 

[07:38] these digital tools while also feeling safe in these places where their banking is done in a safe way that's made for kids and not just giving them direct access to a full checking and bank account that's going to be overwhelming and confusing. It eases them into these tools. And as they get, you know, a bank account at Chase or Wells Fargo or somewhere else, it will be more natural for them moving from Greenlight to that banking system. And as they get more freedom and I move off of Bark, then they they'll have that freedom. But for 

[08:09] now, we're able to use these apps to help them integrate into their digital lives and engage with them in safe and trusted ways. And so, I hope these apps help you. If you have any other app ideas, drop them in the comments. I'd love to hear. I love testing out new apps, but I believe that in this day of digital world and with kids, we actually have a lot of opportunities as parents to really help them, monitor them, and and help guide them through these platforms. And they're not overwhelming for us and 

[08:40] they're not overwhelming for them. They're they're actually quite effective and they're very cost-effective as well. So, hope these helped. Would love to know your thoughts. Thanks so much for watching and we'll talk to you again on the next video. 