# s028  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EHqhKXjzzs)

[0:00 | t=0] In the past 12 months, I've posted 259 videos, started an online business, made $260,000 from said online business, dropped out of college, and moved to New York City. And during all of this time, I also grew from 50,000 to 250,000 followers on Instagram. Now, I'm not saying all that to brag. I just want to show you what's possible, cuz growing my personal brand this year has literally given me a lifetime of opportunity I would have never seen as a 21-year-old kid. And in this video, I want to share with you the four intentional tactics I use to gain a
[0:30 | t=30] following of 200,000 authentic true fans without having to spend all day working on my personal brand. And if I've realized anything in this past year, being one of those lucky few who actually were able to blow up, it's that this kind of viral social media growth doesn't happen by accident. Because these unique tactics I'm about to share with you are these same tactics even social media beginners have used to grow their audiences past 10,000 organic true fans. like Allison who started posting eight months ago with just 400 followers and after implementing these strategies
[1:01 | t=61] grew to 60,000 followers across Instagram and Tik Tok and thing is once you actually understand these strategies growth actually comes consistently. My friend Prosper who literally started posting on Instagram this year grew from 2,000 to 60,000 followers in the span of 6 months. Now all these people didn't blow up from having some fancy camera. They all edited on Cap Cut on their iPhone. It's just cuz they had access to these four strategies. So let's begin. Now, the first tactic that you must master is the art of the hook. The hook, for those of you guys who don't know, is simply the first 5 seconds of your video. And it's the most important. And
[1:32 | t=92] I literally put 80% of my time that I spend scripting, planning, filming on just those first 5 seconds. Now, for those of you who think you understand hooks and you're ready to scroll off or get to the next part of the section, like, "Oh, I understand hooks. You have to be controversial. It doesn't apply to my content. Just give me the algorithm." If you aren't blowing up on social media right now, if your videos aren't hitting consistently above 10,000 views, you do not understand hooks to the degree you need to. And for all you data nerds who just care about retention and algorithms, let's explain why the hook
[2:02 | t=122] is so important in algorithm terms. Now, the biggest determinant for the Tik Tok, YouTube, Instagram algorithms on why you get views or not get views is simply your viewer retention. Viewer retention simply means the percent of people who are watching your video until its end. Now, here's the difference. in viewer retention between a video that got 298,000 views and a video that got 5,000 views. This is the retention graph of the video that got 298,000 views on Tik Tok. This is the retention graph of the video that got 5,000 views on Tik Tok. After 5 seconds, the difference in retention was
[2:33 | t=153] just 27%. Let's switch over to the whiteboard. Let me really show you what this means cuz it's kind of confusing. So, after 3 seconds, the viral video had 22% more retention than the flop video. This literally just means it was a 27% better hook. Yet, with a 27% better hook, the video got 54 times the amount of views. You have to pay so much close attention to those first 3 to 5 seconds of your video. Or else, none of your video matters because your viewers have scrolled off, they found you boring, and the algorithm is not going to push out your video to new people. Now, you
[3:04 | t=184] probably understand that you have to put way more effort into those first 3 seconds of your video. But how do you actually reconcile that with the fact that you want to make your videos quickly and efficiently? And the secret is I used AI, but not in the way that most people use AI. I trained my own AI chatbot, and I literally spent hours writing down the hooks of my own viral videos and the viral videos of my favorite creators. And I'll show you on my computer, actually, how to use it. So, if I literally just type, give me five hooks for a viewer struggling to go viral on Instagram, it's going to literally give me actual hooks that
[3:34 | t=214] sound like a real human being. If you actually want to go viral on Instagram in 2024, you need to follow this strategy. I promise I'm about to absolutely transform your Instagram game. It sounds human and that's the key. Most hooks, especially if you run them through GPT, are going to sound like absolute robots and they're going to sound awful. Now, this content bot is literally one of the biggest hacks that I use. I could charge hundreds of dollars for this. But if you simply go to the link in the description, you can find it for free. Now, I have more guides on how to write more advanced hooks in my private creator program, Content Academy. However, just because
[4:05 | t=245] you understand how to write good hooks doesn't mean you can actually suddenly just snap your fingers and go viral. If the game on social media to go viral is to focus on those first 3 seconds and come up with the perfect words to say, how come the most eloquent speakers aren't just going viral all the time? It's not about what you say in your videos. It's a lot more so about how you say it. And this is the energy that you're able to tap into when you're speaking, right? Because one thing is to have a really good script. But once you have a good script, you can't just start reading being like, remember, your hook is your first impression that you have
[4:36 | t=276] with these strangers on the internet. People on the for you page don't know you. They're strangers to you. So, you have to make an instantly personable first impression because social media is all about connection and relatability. This doesn't mean you have to be super loud and obnoxious. Let me actually show you the hook of the video that got 298,000 views. You know, I really thought life would get better once I made 10K a month. I kind of think of making 10K a month as reaching your freshman year of entrepreneurship. My tonality was calm and it almost sounded like I was on a FaceTime call with you.
[5:07 | t=307] That is the exact type of energy that you want to tap into when you talk on camera, not this robotic sounding wording. But that's actually so much easier said than done. Like how do you actually tap into the energy where you feel like you're on a FaceTime call with your viewer? And this leads me to my second point which is absolutely crucial. The second tactic that you must master is understanding really specifically who your viewer is. This is where 99% of creator gurus will be looking at the wrong direction when it comes to content or they'll focus on the wrong stuff like editing hacks and it'll
[5:38 | t=338] take up so much of your time and it's not going to have an actual effect on your retention or your views. Editing is important, but I'll teach more exactly on how to get the most out of your editing in the next step. But I personally focus most of my attention when I make my videos on just really understanding who it is I'm talking to behind the camera. In this social media game of trying to increase your viewers retention, it's not about making your video feel all, oh, this is so logical. Like yes, obviously you need to have very logical and wellthoughtout novel ideas. Like that's important, but
[6:08 | t=368] especially for you guy creators out there, cuz I I really want you to get this through your logical a viewer retention oftent times comes down to simply how you make your viewers feel when watching your videos, not what you make your viewers think. Now, there's countless studies on what makes content actually go viral on the internet and get shares. Now, I want you to try and guess what the strongest reason why content gets shared on social media is. I'll give you a second. Okay, seconds's over. It's simply when it evokes a strong emotional response in the viewer.
[6:38 | t=398] Now, you might hear this and you're probably going to instantly default to thinking, "Okay, I have to be really loud and angry and exaggerating and piss the viewer off, maybe." And that's actually the wrong way to go about it. Trying to act like this character that provokes emotion is only going to create this uncanny valley effect where your viewer's going to be like, "Oh, why is this person talking to me like that? It's a little weird. It's a little sus." If you're trying to optimize for viewer retention, that means you simply have to do what most people will find interesting and intriguing. And the difficult game of social media, and this is why most people don't succeed, is
[7:09 | t=429] because you actually have to develop a genuine authentic connection with your viewer. If you look at your favorite creators, the ones that you absolutely love the content of. Your favorite creators probably make you feel like you're actually in the room with them, like you're talking to an actual homie. So, how do you communicate in a way that's authentically you and makes the viewer feel like they already know you, like a friend? And the secret is you simply have to visualize a real person that you're talking to, not some imaginary, you know, hypothetical viewer, one person that you actually know, cuz that's how you're going to tap
[7:39 | t=459] into that natural speaking flow state where you feel genuinely comfortable internally. And as a result, the words you say simply just come out of your mouth. Pause. So, choose one person and this person is going to be your ideal viewer persona. And you have to understand this ideal viewer persona down to an absolute T. So, it helps when you are actually close with this real person. Like, what life problems are they going through? What do they wear? What do they believe in? What kind of content do they already watch? You have to know this person inside and out to actually communicate to them like they're a real person. Cuz your viewer actually is a real human being at the
[8:09 | t=489] end of the day. Like, you're watching this right now listening to me communicate to you. In fact, this is so important that I literally have an entire 16-minute video breaking down how to come up with your own ideal viewer persona in my program, The Content Academy. But in this video, for the sake of time, I'm going to walk you through exactly who my ideal viewer persona is, as I am literally filming right now. Let's go on to my computer. So, in this video, my ideal viewer persona is literally my friend. His name is Cle. And he constantly talks to me about wanting to develop an audience, but do it in a genuine way. He wants to have the audience so he can support his dream
[8:39 | t=519] of having financial freedom and online income. And to that, I kind of came up with a script like, "Okay, Instagram is the only platform I personally needed this year to start my business from zero, grow to 10K a month, 20K a month, and eventually 50k a month." Now, envisioning this person behind the screen genuinely helped me come up with my script. Now, secondly, especially if you're making a persuasive or educational video, you need to understand what this person believes in and specifically, how will they object to your things that you're saying in your video? My ideal viewer of my friend Cle would probably say, "Oh, you know, this strategy sounds good, but I don't
[9:09 | t=549] have anything to sell." And then to that, I would say, "Don't worry, you're on the right video because I started building my audience 2 years ago in July of 2022, and only a year and a half later did I finally have something to sell them." You don't need to have something immediately to sell them. It's important to build your audience regardless. Okay, another one. I am busy grinding, socializing, and self-improving. And to that, I would say, yeah, don't worry. I'll help you do it in this video with just 1 hour of deep focus work every single day just because of these four tactics. And I did it during college with a business. And my friend Prosper also did it. Grew from
[9:39 | t=579] 2,000 to 60,000 followers, working 12-hour shifts, knocking on doors. Another objection. Oh, I'm too lazy to edit in this advanced way. Well, that's okay. Watch part three of this video. Now, once you have this ideal viewer, how do you actually tap into the energy that feels genuinely authentic? And I have two hacks for you to achieve this absolute homie like flow state when you talk. The first hack is a pre-f filming routine. Right before you turn on your camera and hit record, I want you to take a deep breath
[10:09 | t=609] and close your eyes and visualize that ideal viewer persona right in front of you, like you're speaking to them and they're in this room right in front of you. It's weird, but just follow along. And if you still feel stiff, it's okay. Just literally get up and start going just shake it out. Shake out those nerves. This is going to make you feel uncomfortable. Like you're literally just like getting out of your skin. But that is essential. It's literally something I learned in acting class. This kind of weird bioenergetic movements snap you into the present moment and make you feel free flowing
[10:40 | t=640] instantly. cuz sometimes you feeling stiff and you tripping over your words is simply because your body is not in this right free flowing state. The second hack is simply hitting record and not stopping until your entire video is finished filming. The key when you film is to settle into a flow state where you essentially forget you're filming and you just talk to the camera like it's your friend. Once you actually settle into this state, you will feel it in your chest and it should be really fun and you should feel like you're having fun on camera. But it takes a minute to
[11:11 | t=671] settle into, which means for the first 1, 2, even 3 minutes while your camera is recording, you're still going to feel that stiffness. I usually sound really incoherent for the first 2 minutes on camera. And that's okay. I literally just accept that as a necessary part of the filming process. So, my entire 60-second videos usually actually take me like 6 or 7 minutes to fully film. So, just give yourself the space to be free flowing on camera and mess up because the desire to not mess up is getting in your head. Now, you might be thinking though, okay, I've just recorded so much footage of me talking,
[11:43 | t=703] right? I have all of this footage. I've talked literally for 5 minutes straight, messed up a bunch of times. Isn't that going to take a really long time to edit? And this is where our third hack, the minimum viable editing, comes into play. Now, the minimum viable editing strategy has three distinct parts. The first part is B-roll, which is the footage that you overlay on top of your talking footage. The second one is a very, very specific way of creating your captions for your video. And the third one is choosing the right music so it's able to put your viewers literally into like a translike state while they're
[12:14 | t=734] watching your video. Now, the first part, B-roll. This is really important, and you want your B-roll to change every sentence, every new sentence that you're speaking in your video, you want it to shift to a new piece of footage. Now, if you're making videos that don't involve talking, that's okay. You can still use B-roll and you have to match the B-roll to the beats of the song, this is the only important thing that you really need to understand about B-roll. The rest of it doesn't really matter. You can put any random footage as long as it generally correlates to what you're talking about in the video, and it's fine. Think of that kind of like subway surfers at the bottom of your screen kind of thing, but in a more authentic
[12:45 | t=765] feeling. The next one is my SLC caption strategy. And it's the exact way that me and every single one of my clients, my students who blow up use in their videos. And it stands for short, large, and clear. And instead of me showing it to you on this video, why don't I actually show you a viral video of mine that got over a million views on Tik Tok breaking down my SLC caption strategy. Here's how I add captions to my Tik Toks so they go viral every single time. I use a formula I like to call SLC. Now, what the hell does that mean? After I'm
[13:15 | t=795] done editing my videos, I'll go into Cap Cut and I'll add auto captions, but the auto captions come out looking like [ __ ] So, here's where SLC comes in. First, I batch edit the captions to make each caption short, as in around two to three words maximum. All that matters if you want to get views on TikTok is keeping viewers engaged until the end of the video. So, making the caption segments super short keeps the screen constantly changing, but also keeps it satisfying to watch so viewers don't have to read a paragraph on the screen, cuz paragraphs of text are boring and they scare viewers away. Then, I size them up to make them large, so they're extremely easy to read. Once again, Tik
[13:45 | t=825] Tok viewers want videos that are easy to watch. So, large captions just make the video slightly easier to follow along to. And lastly, I make the text to a font that is clear. So, white text in the classic Tik Tok font with a blurred black shadow works best. And the end product, well, you've been watching it this whole time. Now, lastly, for music, you really specifically want to do two things with your music. First off, you want to choose trending songs because that's going to trigger a familiarity bias in your viewer where they're like, "Oh, I've heard this song recently before. I feel slightly more incentivized to watch this video. And secondly, you need to use trending song
[14:17 | t=857] instrumentals. You don't want lyrics competing with the attention of your own voice. If you have the song lyrics like Kendrick Lamar spitting some bars under your voice, it's going to be a lot harder to hear what you're saying. So, just use the instrumental of the song and simply share a copy link on that YouTube video. Send it over to YTMP3. Download that MP3 file. Go inside Cap Cut. Hit audio. Hit sounds. Hit device and select from device. and you can add the music from your own iPhone files. I call this fully fleshed out system the Academy editing OS. If you just want the
[14:48 | t=888] knowledge of which steps to take, I have these two templates. Feel free to just screenshot this on the screen and you can just apply this straight to your editing process. The last and most important factor to your growth on social media is surrounding yourself in an environment of constant improvement. So, I gave you the hacks on what to say in your videos. I gave you the hacks on what to visualize so you can speak like a pro on your videos. and I lastly taught you how to edit like a pro in your videos. However, none of this matters if you're not living the lifestyle and the habits of a procreator. So, at the beginning of this
[15:19 | t=919] year, I actually became good friends with this other kid on my college campus and his name was Prosper. And he desperately wanted to make content creation his full-time job as well. So, we like naturally became really close. We discussed things like personal development, fitness, and content creation. Now, what's crazy, like I said before, is that he started posting from literally zero videos on the internet, and he grew from 2,000 to 60,000 followers on Instagram. Like, you've probably heard this saying, you are the average of the five people you spend the most time with, yada yada yada. I know
[15:49 | t=949] it's cliche, but let me ask you a honest homie to homie question right now, cuz you're still watching this video, which means we'd probably be friends in real life, too. Do you think once you click off this video, you'll be able to build a solid audience like me or Prosper or Alison? because you now see the road map to getting your first viral videos. You have the content tools that I've literally given to you for free. And as much as I believe in your success and I want to, I highly doubt that you will succeed. Now, hear me out. I know how exciting it is to watch videos like
[16:19 | t=979] this, feel like we're learning together. You think you are absorbing knowledge passively by watching YouTube videos. Okay, I get it. I do that all the time while I like eat food. But like I said before, this kind of creator growth doesn't happen by accident. Like we don't just luckily blow up one day. growing your personal brand to the point where you actually do these crazy feats with it, like paying for 2 months worth of rent from one Instagram reel. That type of stuff only happens when you make content a top priority. So, this last tip, finding community, is actually what separates the decent creators who see it as a hobby, but then eventually fall off
[16:50 | t=1010] from the great creators who became great. Getting full-time creator income, working from anywhere. Like, I have that privilege now. And now approaching personal branding from the perspective of how I'm going to build generational wealth. Like the dude Renzo I just mentioned, for the past year, he hasn't made less than $100,000 a month with his business after he really dialed in his viral Instagram real strategy. And he had to really focus hard in our program to actually achieve that. Cuz surrounding yourself with creators who actually want to take it seriously, improve their content 1% every single day, that is what changed my life. And
[17:20 | t=1040] like I get it, okay, finding a creator community of people who are also really focused on improving their content is extremely uncommon. Okay, I grew up in rural New Jersey, bro. like who's creating content, running online businesses in freaking New Jersey. So, when I think back to 17-year-old me when I was a freshman in college, I was lost. I was just looking for a way honestly to escape this whole like internship race. I literally think back to meeting one person who changed all of my limiting beliefs about what's possible with content creation. It was this dude named Young. He was a senior at my college, but he also had a decent Tik Tok following of like 500,000 followers. But
[17:52 | t=1072] he showed me he literally got paid $4,000 to post a Tik Tok video for a brand. Or two years later when I was 19 years old and I was like, "You know what? I really want to do an online business." I was binge watching like Hamza Iman Gazi videos on YouTube every single day. And I thought watching YouTube videos all day and passively learning was going to somehow make me rich. For the first 6 months of trying to run an online business, I was running in circles like trying drop shipping, drop that after a month. I thought I would try an agency and then drop that after a month, too. But then in January of 2023, I met this one business mentor.
[18:23 | t=1103] He basically allowed me to like intern for his coaching business. And I saw making like $10,000 in a week from an online coaching business. And I was like, what? You are quite literally one connection away from changing your life trajectory permanently. And that is my passion. That is what I want to share to the world. And that is why I've created content academy in the last 12 months of my life. Work tirelessly to make it the best creator community on the planet. And every single success story, every homie, Prosper, Renzo, Alison, Gabe, all of these successful creators were
[18:54 | t=1134] actually a member of the content academy. And I'll let you in on a little secret. The reason why we're actually so effective in helping creators blow up, even if they're starting from like absolutely zero posts, is because I'm a pretty anxious, anal guy. Like, I like breaking down everything into systems. And I've broken down the entire creator journey from zero to getting your first 1,000 view video to getting your first 100K view video to getting your first 10,000 followers to getting your first brand deal to getting your first client. Literally, we've helped over a thousand creators in the past year. All of the parts necessary to the internal and
[19:24 | t=1164] external growth as a creator, I've mashed them together into one freaking banger program. The first thing that we do is meet six times a week on live calls. Cuz if you're not meeting live on calls, realistically, your head is not in the game. This is where every single one of our creators can unmute, get direct feedback on what their videos can be improved, and they can ask any questions to our content experts, not just me, but other coaches that I have hired. You don't understand how helpful this is. Like Gabe, for example, he actually now helps other people monetize after hitting 30K a month with his
[19:55 | t=1195] agency. He started off with just 400 followers when he first joined the content academy, but after 4 months of consistently posting, he finally hit two videos above 100K views and made $8,000 in digital product sales. Now, who are the other content experts that I'm absolutely glazing right now that will help you directly on these live calls in the content academy? So, I lead a coaching call every single week if you want to talk to me, ask me questions about content. I grew three accounts on TikTok to over 100,000 followers in three different niches. Secondly, we have Sam. This dude's an absolute goat
[20:26 | t=1226] at optimizing content. He understands the content optimizations and the scripting, filming, and editing like no other person I've ever met. And I know this because he's gotten over 500,000 followers across Tik Tok and Instagram. When he first blew up on Instagram, he literally grew from like 1,000 followers to a 100,000 in the span of a month. And since then, he's been able to become a full-time content creator through brand deals and UGC. When you join the content academy, you can hop on calls with him twice a week and ask him any questions about content. Get your content directly reviewed and optimized by him. Next up, we got another freaking content genius.
[20:57 | t=1257] Her name's Eileen. She makes over 10K a month with just UGC. She's also like 19 and in college and she's doing all that. Also has over 100k followers on her personal brands Instagram. She leads a call every single week on personal branding and UGC. So any questions on that, she is the goat for that. And on top of that, if you just want to connect with the community members, which I actually think is one of the more helpful things than getting this like coaching feedback, we have a bunch of community calls every single week cuz we actually care about fostering genuine relationships, not just this like schoollike very strict vibe and like
[21:27 | t=1287] surrounding yourself with these highlevel creators or entrepreneurs that will help you see insane growth like Catalin who was stuck for months at just 62 followers on Instagram. I'm sorry. I'm flaming you here. But then in the past month, he went from 62 to 10,000 followers in the span of 3 weeks cuz he had a viral video. Now, once again, hearing these crazy growth stories and success stories with content and business feels productive. You feel like you're getting these unlocks. You're feeling inspired because you get to live vicariously through other people's
[21:57 | t=1317] stories. So, I actually want to stop you right there and I actually want to ask you to pay attention. If you are actually dedicated and serious to putting in the work to improving your content 1% every single day, if that is you, please listen up. These are the four key phases of going from literally zero followers to 10,000 true fans plus and monetizing through your content. And I call these four phases fries, pebbles, gem, and money. Starting off with phase one, it's the learning phase. Now, the goal in phase one is to simply get to 1,000 views consistently per video. This
[22:27 | t=1347] is where you probably are if you're watching this video, just based on pure probability. This is where you just simply need to show up and post videos, even if you have no clue what you're doing, no clue what the vision, the grand vision of your page is going to be, and you simply just need to get proof of concept that your ideas are valid. And 1,000 views is a great metric to simply show that people are actually interested in your ideas, but they just simply need to be optimized past that. Now, in the content academy, we have this wins channel where people post their wins every single day. And we literally have like three or four people every single day saying, "Yo, I finally
[22:58 | t=1378] hit that consistent fries on my videos." Now, in order to get the your consistent fries, the consistent 1,000 views per video, it's all about learning the basics. So, in the content academy, in the first two weeks, we literally walk you through exactly how to post your first seven videos, what buttons to press in Cap Cut, how to script word for word, and then on week two, we help you master scripting, storytelling, and hooks. So, you learn how to captivate your viewers with your writing and speaking. You don't need to just rely on simply visuals and editing. Now, phase two of four is the optimization or the
[23:29 | t=1409] pebbles phase. Your goal here is to get your first 10,000 view video. This is where you start thinking about optimizing the tiniest things like how you cut your clips down to the millisecond, how you're editing the different camera angles and shot types that you want to film. So, in week three of the content academy, we literally walk you through in depth all the different types of shots to film, how to light your videos like a pro, an hour-ong breakdowns of advanced editing, whether it's on Cap Cut on your phone or even Cap Cut on your computer. And this is going to help you take your videos from decent to great. Like Matt, he
[23:59 | t=1439] actually hit his first 10K view video on his 10th day of posting, which is actually pretty rare. It's very impressive. It's at 62,000 views now, actually. That's that's crazy. Now, in this second phase, the Pebbles phase, you are simply still focused on the craft. Don't let your eyes off the ball. You are still simply focused on making your videos as good as possible. And this is actually where our coaching calls come really in handy, whether it's me, Sam, Eileen, or any of the other community calls. And this is where we can literally give you those 1% 2% improvements in your video from direct feedback. Take your video to that 10k
[24:30 | t=1470] view level, which we call pebbles in the content academy. It's actually really funny. Now, here's where it gets interesting in phase three of four, which is the phase that you probably see all the time on social media of people bragging. And this is the exponential growth phase of your personal brand, or the gem phase as I like to call it in the content academy. Now, the goal of phase three, the gem phase, is to get your first 100K view video, which will then eventually catapult you to your first 10,000 followers. And now, that maybe sounds a little bit out of reach for you, but I really want you to
[25:00 | t=1500] remember like this only happens after you have completed phase 1 and two. You can't skip steps. And I know there's probably a lot of impatience in you that just wants to like, "Okay, come on. Give me the viral hack to go viral tomorrow." And it really isn't that simple. Especially if you are still in phase one or two. We literally have creators who spend like 6 months in phase 1 and two, and that's normal. That's okay. Aaron, he's been in the content academy for 10 months. And 2 days ago, this is crazy. I don't even think I've seen numbers like this. He posted a video that got 400,000 views on TikTok, and it gained him 30,000 followers from one video. It's
[25:32 | t=1532] insane. And this is where our week four program in the content academy is extremely helpful. This is where we help you master scripting, speaking to your ideal viewer persona like they're actually your homie, creating that immersive experience with your viewers. And lastly, in this phase, you find that unique edge that makes you different from every other creator in your niche on social media and makes you the it guy for blank. Like I mentioned Catalin earlier, who jumped from 62 to 10,000 followers in 3 weeks. He actually just got his second 1 million view video a week after his first and he's grown from 10,000 to 38,000 followers in the past
[26:04 | t=1564] week and a half. Now, once again, this like sounds crazy, and I know you probably just want to skip to this phase. Okay, I get it. I'm really impatient, too. but grinding through phase one and two of putting in the difficult and honestly annoying work of showing up. That's how you reap the outsized rewards of the personal brand that you see people talking about all the time. Like one of our members, Thomas, 5 months after he started consistently posting, that's when he finally landed his first $1,500 deal with a client. And that actually brings me to the next phase. For those of you who are interested in actually turning
[26:34 | t=1594] content creation into a full-time income or growing an online business on top of your personal brand, we have lastly our phase four, which is the monetization phase, or I like to call it the money phase. The goal in phase four is to make your first $1,000 with content creation, which seems kind of small, but that's how you actually catapult to hitting crazy numbers like 10K a month, 20K a month, 50K a month, like I have done with my business in the last year. So, for those of you watching who actually want to join the content academy, if you
[27:04 | t=1624] join today, just to reiterate, we have 12 hours, 13 hours of video guides, templates, script templates, tutorials on how to script, film, and edit your videos like a pro. Posting your first seven videos, mastering scripting, storytelling, hooks, filming, editing, highle creator strategy, and finally, monetization. This is how I've gotten views like this. Sorry to flex on you. Now, most creator programs that teach this kind of stuff this indepth on how to grow your personal brand, they usually charge like $5,000. And on top
[27:34 | t=1654] of that, too, it's actually funny like a lot of programs don't even do this, but we have these six live Q&A calls every single week in our Discord server. You can just unmute and genuinely vibe and of course get your questions answered by content experts. Programs with that much support I've seen have charged $10,000 plus a year. Now, on top of that, we also just throw some lit events twice a year in New York City to really help you meet together in person and foster those real life relationships that can actually change your life. This is not just some like online course, bro. I I
[28:05 | t=1685] hate when people say that to me, okay? Cuz I feel like I'm genuinely building a really tight-knit banger community. And to make it even more fun and gamified for all of our members, I recently spent over $4,000 making software that tracks everybody's Instagram, puts them on one big leaderboard, and then we have giveaways for the top creators. So, if you want to compete, you're a video game addict like I am. That's another benefit that you get in the content academy. We have these monthly accountability games where we give giveaways to the top five creators every month. Now, once you join
[28:35 | t=1715] the content academy, too, if you have any questions, you can simply ask our support manager, Justin. He's super active and he can answer any questions onetoone as well. And that level of support, right? Most content guru who give you so much less support, who have frankly way less experience. Like I'm not not to call them out, but they have they're not good at their job. They got way less students winning. Like way less. They'll charge like $10,000 a year. Like I even spend over $100,000 a year just to pay our talented team
[29:07 | t=1747] that I mentioned before of Justin, Sam, Eileen to give you this best creator experience possible. Cuz I know you're probably thinking, "Yo, Veno, please don't kill my wallet." Okay, I got you, bro. I really thought about, okay, what would 19-year-old me 2 years ago when I was really desperate to grow my personal brand, get that authentic audience, and then launch an actual online business, doing what I love, sharing my passion to the world. But once again, spending over 100 grand a year to run a exceptional creator community like this is not easy. It's not cheap for me. With all of the
[29:37 | t=1777] new events that I also want to throw in the content academy, I know the operating cost is only going to go up and joining the content academy will increase in price as the community experience and the program gets exponentially better, more fun, helpful, and valuable. This is going to give you access to the 12hour content boot camp, the 3-hour monetization boot camp, our weekly live coaching calls, the entire community calls, our live community events, the community games that we facilitate with software, and lastly, just the entire online community. And
[30:08 | t=1808] today is realistically the best time to actually go all in on your personal brand and commit to this. We're still very early to the creator economy's growth. Like the number of economic opportunities in the creator economy is only projected to grow. Like in the next 5 years, according to Forbes, the creator economy's valuation is probably going to go from 191 billion to $528 billion. So, as we wrap up this video, I want to leave you with two options. You can wait until the perfect time to start. wait maybe a year or two when you
[30:38 | t=1838] know it's a little bit more convenient for you in life when social media is probably going to be even more saturated with more creators or you can actually start committing and going allin on building the most valuable asset in the modern age and you can start today if you want to supercharge your audience growth get to those spicy 10,000 true fans online start monetizing you can click that first link in the description below to join the content academy today and I will see you very soon.
