# s036  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgLJ7MxohcY)

[0:00 | t=0] These rich kids just keep getting younger, man. In January of this year, my business hit 100K a month. And I thought I was impressing for this until two days later, after hitting this hercuan accomplishment, I found on my for you page this 19-year-old who made 152K a month with just 30,000 followers on Instagram. And this actually pissed me off so much that I invited him on a podcast to teach my community and you guys today. All of these systems that he used in his consulting business to scale to $152,000 cash collected in one single month. This video was taken from a live
[0:31 | t=31] call in our private creator community content academy. And if you want to join that, just click the first link in the description below. All right, enjoy. Here's how it's going to go. We're going to give a little quick introduction to Sue. who he is, what he's about, his dating status, uh his age, and what his business is. Dway has like a little presentation set out for us. He's just going to break down how he grew a 151K a month coaching business, right? Or consulting business. Same thing. Same thing. 151K a month. Did it with just
[1:01 | t=61] 33,000 followers. I think you have 35,000 followers right now, but I think at the time you have like less I don't know like 33,000 followers on Instagram. Yeah. But when I hit it, I had like 29K. So, I didn't have a lot of followers. This is his Instagram, right? He's got his consulting business. This is his funnel. This is his YouTube. I was watching a little interview that he had with a student before. Su, could you tell us a little bit about your story, how you got started? Of course. Of course. Uh, first off, appreciate you guys having me on. It's going to be fun.
[1:31 | t=91] I prepared a whole document and everything. So, it's going to be it's going to be really interesting to share with you guys kind of what systems work for me because again, I only have 30K. If I had meal swallowing, god damn, like it would be crazy. But a bit about myself. I'm Malaysian. I grew up in Malaysia. So, I have a a bit of American accent because I went I grew up in an international school and everything. And I started in the online space when I was 16. I was an appointment setter. I was a closer and yeah, I became a sales manager and everything. It's funny, Renzo's in this call. I applied for a
[2:02 | t=122] closing position in on one of Renzo's offer way back then. I don't know if Renzo remembers, but it's like a full circle moment now. It's super super cool. Um, and yeah, I was just heavy in the sales background. Kind of transitioned into kind of growth operating. I don't know if you guys have heard of that term, but basically just bootstrapping coaches and taking them from anywhere from under 10K to 100K a month. We scaled like five coaches in the first 2 3 months and then that's when my consulting business kind of just blew up and everything. A lot of people just wanted my service and so I started a consulting offer and we scaled it from
[2:33 | t=153] zero to 151k a month in 9 months. I'm actually still in university. I'm probably just going to thug it out. I have like one more year left. So make my Asian parents proud or whatever. And yeah, that's a bit about my story. That's nuts. I actually have a quick question. Did you when you first started the growth operating helping creators scale their own businesses, did you see it becoming such a big consulting offer when you first started it? Not at all. I kind of just did it. But then I realized that, okay, if I can do it for all these other guys, why can't I do it for myself? You know, I was only
[3:03 | t=183] taking like 15 30% rev share. If I could do it for these guys, for five people and, you know, scale them past 100k a month, I was like, okay, I just put all my eggs in one basket, my own business, I% margins, scale up myself. And that's what I did. And yeah, I executed pretty well. So, it was just I' I'd say the skill set the skill set of being in a done for you space was what allowed me to kind of scale past that 100k month so fast and we're sustaining that pretty well now. So, yeah.
[3:34 | t=214] That's awesome. I actually want to make a quick like note there that I think the best offers that I've seen don't stem necessarily from like yo this is my like millionoll a month idea and like we're just going to like we're going to build it and I have nothing right now. I think it starts from like genuinely helping people and getting them results and that momentum of getting people's results. It's no surprise that you ended up scaling this way, but it's cool that you didn't start with the mindset of like money, money, money, money like from the beginning because I think that
[4:05 | t=245] means that you actually care about your clients and it I think those are the people who succeed long term. 100%. 100%. And I think that it it always ties back to your skill set, right? Like the person that's best at, you know, whatever they're selling is going to win at the end of the day. And I knew that I had a skill set that not a lot of people had. If I just launch a consulting offer, position myself the right way. um it it was going to be game over. And I'm going to show you guys like the way that we've scaled is not your typical traditional way where it's like we're selling a 3K course. Like no,
[4:35 | t=275] we don't sell a course. Um we sell like 12K 18K packages. So we need low volume, high quality clients. And that's the way that I've structured my model. So it's going to be really interesting cuz I don't think a lot of people run this model. But I [ __ ] love it because I work with less people, I make more money, and I get to actually work oneonone with my guys. and it's like super super fulfilling. So yeah, dude, I need to take notes on this too. Do you have any other information that you want to share before you go into the nitty-gritty specifics of your systems
[5:06 | t=306] of your offer or we can just jump right into it? Uh, not really honestly. I'm going to cover a lot and I'm going to try and make it as actionable as possible. I know a lot of you guys are like, you either have an audience or you don't have an audience. You're thinking about starting an offer or you already have an offer. So I kind of created a whole presentation that's applicable to as many people as possible. And so yeah, I I I have a lot of theory, but then I also lot have a lot of practicality. So the best way that you're going to get value from this actual call is by actually implementing. You know, whatever I say whenever I ask myself or
[5:36 | t=336] whenever I say, "Okay, do this thing, actually write it down and do it." Because you know, if you if you execute on this call, the next 30 minutes of what I present, like I'm going to provide a lot of sauce that allow me to scale up really fast. And if you actually take what I say and actually do it, like you'll make a lot of money. So yeah, dude. Let's get started, bro. Yo, everybody watching, whether you're watching the VOD or like watching live, bro, get out a pen and paper because I'm feeling the same right now. But yeah. Uh yeah, dude, I'd love for you to
[6:07 | t=367] share your screen and just jump into like what you have presented. Ready? Yeah. Yeah. I created this whole pitch deck or like this whole presentation specifically for you guys in the community and everything and it's going to be really fun. I can't see the Discord right now, so I can't see what you guys are saying, but um you know, if you can like if someone has a question or something like something pops up, just let me know. Yeah, that'll be perfect. I got you. We can do at the end. Yeah. Basically, I'm going to break
[6:37 | t=397] down my 151K a month salesunnel. Again, I don't have a lot of followers. I have 34K followers, 3K subs, and we're going to go over the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel, and everything. And how I've been able to basically perfect middle of funnel. That's my expertise. You know, I'm not going to sit here and say that I'm the best at content. Um, Mino is the best at content, right? But what I'm really, really good at is creating content that really converts clients. And there's no point of content in my opinion if you're not selling or if you're not making money off of it. And so with my small
[7:07 | t=427] following, you know, compared to Mino and everyone else here, I've been able to profit a lot because I understand the idea of a funnel and what actually makes someone want to spend tens of thousands of dollars with you. Not just a few thousand, I'm talking tens of thousands. And I've been able to just really just build a really, really good business. I don't know if you guys have seen the my reels or whatever. I told my mom, dad, and everything that I made 150k a month. And it's like the full circle Asian moment, you know, and I want you guys to have that because a lot of you do have that audience. You just don't know how to capitalize on it. So, we did
[7:39 | t=459] 151k a month at 85% profit margins. And a lot of you aren't far from this. Okay. The truth is I'm 20. I'm still studying for university. I play basketball for my team. I have, you know, a social circle. And from the outside looking in, I look like a regular Asian kid, you know, but I made 151k a month because I started when I was 16. And the difference between, you know, me and a lot of people is that I was just obsessed. I was obsessed with the sales, I was obsessed with the funnels, the marketing, and what makes someone actually buy. And it took me like 3
[8:10 | t=490] years and over $80,000 invested into different mentors to learn all this information to be able to make this type of money. And the whole goal of this presentation is just to make you just to help you save the time and money so you don't have to, you know, spend thousands of dollars, so that you don't have to spend tons of time. And I just want to show you how I built a coaching business from zero to 151k a month, how I make more than certain creators that have 10x my following, and the salesunnel that converts clients on autopilot. Okay. Now, I'm going to go into the funnel in a bit, but the first thing that you want to do is the is you want to create an
[8:43 | t=523] offer. I'm not talking about just a generic 2 to 3k offer. Um, I've scaled to this point because I charge 11.5K and $18,000 for my service. my cheapest service that you know if someone wants to work with me the cheapest they have to pay me is is $1.5,000 meaning that if I take the average client LTV I only need seven clients every single month to hit $100,000 a month you know but if I had an offer that was only $3,000 I would need 33 clients so just
[9:13 | t=553] by structuring my offer the right way I can make my I can make it 10 times easier for me to scale to 100k a month just by actually charging more. Okay. And so the idea behind behind an offer is very very is very very simple. Your offer just has to provide a solution to a big problem that somebody has. And the bigger their desired reality is then the more we can charge. So think about what your strength is and what think about what your expertise is. Do people actually want it? Right? The the most important thing is the demand. You know
[9:44 | t=584] for make money online it could be Amazon FBA, Tik Tok shop, drop shipping, whatever. With this type of offer you can easily charge 5K. With fitness coaching, you could easily charge 4K. Right now, what I would recommend, this is this is a mid ticket. I I don't think 5K is a lot. Realistically, if you're selling an offer that's helping someone make money online, you're completely changing the trajectory of their life. And you shouldn't only charge 5K. You should be charging like 8 to 10, you know. And a lot of people say like, oh, you know, it I always get the objection
[10:14 | t=614] the price is too expensive. The reason why people say your price is too expensive is because you have not bridged the gap in their mind. And so what I want you guys to do, an exercise you could do right now is think about the desired solution you're promising. So for me, you know, it could be the content, right? And list down every single problem that is stopping them from achieving this goal. If you have every single solution to every single problem they could potentially face that is stopping them from achieving their goal, you'll be able to charge, you know, 5 to 10K. And
[10:46 | t=646] just by charging 5 to 10K, you make your life 10 times easier because now you don't have to go out and sign 30 guys or whatever, you know, you can sign way less clients, have way better of a product, and actually get crazy client results. And so my model is just low volume, high quality, and just le less work, basically. Okay? So the goal is not to get everybody. The goal is to get a very select few group of people in your program that can afford it and are actually worth working with. Now, one
[11:17 | t=677] thing I would say is if you have done for you systems, you can charge more. And so, if if I was if I was running Mino's offer that the first thing that I would change is okay, if a business owner wants to scale, right, what is the number one thing that they want? Probably an editor. They don't want to edit their own videos. They don't want to edit their own stuff. And so if Mino just put a done for you editor in his own offer, he'd be able to charge an extra 2 to 3K just like that, right? And
[11:49 | t=709] I'm going to show you my like kind of my offer sheet and how I've been able to charge this much. This is an 18K offer. $18,000. Now, I'm not telling you that you need to charge this much. I don't want to kind of overwhelm you guys. But the more problems that you can solve for your clients, the better you can actually the more you can charge and the better results you can get them. And so what are done for you systems or what are done for you solutions that you can provide in your offer to basically just make it a no-brainer and make it so that these guys will obviously achieve the
[12:19 | t=739] result. And so we do done for you systems and processes. We do the done for you offer blueprint. Content mastery actually place an in-house editor. We write their ads for them. We set it up all up all up for them. We write their VSSLs, we place a setter and that's why we can charge 18K, right? And then the best part is they can take all of our systems and processes and everything and widely for their own program. So it all comes down to how many things can you do done for you that is not going to kind of make you spread thin and how can you charge more? Because just by doing these
[12:49 | t=769] two things alone, without even doing any more marketing, without doing any more sales, just by having a more expensive offer and a more premium offer, you're making your ability to scale way, way easier because everything is just like you just need less volume. You know, you don't need 30 guys now. Maybe now you only need 15. And now you're just half your workload for the fulfillment and for, you know, the acquisition. and you can work with a small group of guys that want to get the result that they that you promised them, right? And the thing
[13:19 | t=799] is I can guarantee that I can add an extra 20k to the revenue which is why I can charge the premium price point that I have. Right? So this is the offer and if you guys have an offer sheet like this I like you guys don't have an offer sheet like this where you can present it on your sales calls that's going to make your life 10 times easier. every like my offer percentage if I if I pitch on a sales call, our closing rate for this offer is 60%. On on a 18K offer and you do this, you can get this high of a closing rate
[13:50 | t=830] on such a premium offer by noting down every single problem that your client could potentially face, providing solutions, and then creating systemized done for you solutions for the biggest problems that they may face. And so, you know, if Mino was was selling an offer and he pitched the fact that you could place an in-house editor, he could place an in-house editor for you immediately his price would jack up instead of maybe 3K, it could be 6K now, just off of one done for you system. Now, maybe it's, you know, another one maybe is done for you scripts, now it's it could be 8K,
[14:22 | t=862] you know. So, the more done for you systems that you can add, the higher you can charge and the less work you have to do to actually scale. Does that make sense? You know, real quick, I I don't know what the chat is saying, but yeah, this is everyone. Can I get it so far? Yo, chat, drop a W if you if you're [ __ ] Renzo said sauce W. Oh my. Okay, W spam coming in. We got 50 people in here. So, yeah. Yeah, they're spamming W, bro. Don't worry.
[14:54 | t=894] All right. So, that's the offer, right? charge more, work with less clients, scale better, and that's how you actually get client results. I don't know if you guys follow me, but like I have like at this point four story highlights of just results back to back. If I go to my community, if I go over here, like there's a wins chat, everything like what happens when you build this way is that you keep your reputation, right? No one actually calls me a core seller. No one calls me a scammer. No one calls me all these different names because the people that I work with, they get the result, you
[15:25 | t=925] know, like when you when you look in the wins chat in the community and everything, everyone's killing it. And the reason why is because every single one of these people have the attention and everything, right? They have my one-on-one attention, which is which allows me to get better results, have a better reputation, get more referrals, and everything. All right, so now I'm going to dive into the top of funnel, minimum funnel, and bottom of funnel. I'm going to quickly skim over the top of funnel cuz this is not my expertise. I don't have a lot of subscribers or a lot of followers, but this is my
[15:55 | t=955] strategy. I post one or two times a day on IG and I post once a week on YouTube. My main driving factor is YouTube because if you can sit down and watch a 20inut video of me talking about a funnel or talking about a system, you're going to you're going to trust me more and you're going to be you're going to be much more likely to transact with me, right? And so there's a study done by the uh I think social survey, social trust survey, something like that. People need to consume at least 7 hours of your content on average before they
[16:27 | t=987] spend a penny with you. YouTube fills up that 7 hours faster than Instagram can. And so the more sophisticated your market is, the more competitive your market is, the more that you actually have to like kind of get in front of them. And if you can get your content to be bingeable and be consumable on YouTube, on Instagram, on whatever, then what's going to happen is that these guys are going to go for you, right? Whoever you consume most, I promise you, like if you guys are heavily investing into mentors and everything, the next person that you
[16:57 | t=1017] invest in is going to be the person that you watch the most right now. I can guarantee you that. And so your goal with your YouTube and Instagram is just to get people to watch that [ __ ] you know? And YouTube is one of those ways where, you know, because my market is so sophisticated, I'm selling to online coaches, right? I'm selling online coaches. Everybody sells online coaches. Because my market is so sophisticated, I can't really stand out through Instagram. I can't. So I What did I do? I dropped a 7-hour [ __ ] free course. 7-hour free course. There's no other
[17:27 | t=1047] coach that actually, you know, that sells to my specific sells to my specific niche that's doing something like this. This course alone helped me double my revenue from 75K to 150K. This was the reason why because more people are consuming my content. I get more respect and I separate myself from everybody else in my market. You have to realize that you're the like your markets and the people that you're trying to sell to have been pitched time
[17:57 | t=1077] and time again. And so if you want to do something or if you want to make money that nobody else is willing to make, you got to do things that nobody else is willing to do. I'm going to dive more a bit into the middle of funnel in a bit, but just know that this 7-hour course made me an extra 75K a month, basically. All right, so I post one or two times a day on IG. I post stories every single day. Stories is my bread and butter. I've made probably like 80% of my revenue through stories. And then I post once a week on YouTube. I drive all the traffic I have on Instagram to YouTube so I nurture them even more and they
[18:28 | t=1108] consume more of my content. All right. And the content types that I post, four types. Proof, education, beliefs, and identity. Proof is just showing that you know you know what you're talking about. Education is just the value framework. I'm not going to go over this too much cuz this is Mino's thing. Beliefs is just shifting your what your audience believes about scaling. And so just talking about your insights. And then the last part is your identity. This is so [ __ ] important, right? You need to go over stories that show who you are and why you're different. You know, if you go on my if you went on my profile a year
[19:00 | t=1140] ago, you know, there's a reason why I was only making like 10K in life because I was just providing value non-stop. And I think that a huge shift when I joined, like if you guys didn't know, I'm I'm actually part of content academy as well, like I joined the low ticket. A huge reason why I pivoted into the personal aspect is because I realized people buy coaches. They don't buy coaching. They buy into who you are as a person, not what you do. Okay? Because there's dozens and h there's hundreds if not thousands of people that sell the
[19:30 | t=1170] exact same offer as you do. Completely identical. And maybe they even get better results. The way that you stand out is by showing your identity and what you stand for, your values and your morals and everything. If I show you a clip of me telling my mom how much I made or me talking about my clients and, you know, what I believe in and everything, you're going to trust me a lot more than just me sharing value because now I'm different. Nobody else can fake their mom's reaction or no one else can fake their values and morals. Like that's just that's just me, right?
[20:01 | t=1201] And so you have to realize that people choose you for who you are, not necessarily what you sell. So yes, provide the education, but also show who you are as a person. Talk about yourself, talk about your story, how you grew up, and everything. You know, there's a reason why, you know, my community is like 40% Asian as well. Like that's just how it is. You know, sometimes I'm talking Chinese on my reals. Sometimes I'm just talking about the fact that I've grew up in an Asian household. And you know, some Asian coaches relate to that and they buy my [ __ ] I have like 40% Asian coaches in
[20:32 | t=1232] my program. There's a reason for that, right? Lean into it. You guys all have a unique identity that people want to be a part of. You just got to lean into it. All right. So, that's the top of funnel. And this is where I really want you guys to take notes. This is what I'm good at. With 33K followers, I've been able to make 150K a month. So, per follower, I basically like I basically have a $5 $5 per follower ratio. Okay? And so I want you to think right now what is your f what is your dollar per
[21:03 | t=1263] follower ratio? And if it's not three or five then I want you to listen up because this is what's going to change the game for you. Okay. I took this I took this you know inspiration from herozi. So you know what I want you guys to do. I want you to give out your best information for free. I don't want you to sell the course. I don't want you to put information behind pay walls. just give it for free because you like ultimately the
[21:34 | t=1294] service that you provide is the implementation right you just need to charge for implementation information does not actually get someone the end result it could get you know maybe 1% of the your audience the end result but that's the 1% for 99% of people if they get the information for free they won't implement it they won't implement it okay so you don't have to worry about them not needing you or anything because what most people think is I should charge for my best advice and my best information. If you think about the biggest people in the space, the
[22:04 | t=1324] industry leaders, the people that you respect the most and everything, they do the complete opposite. Like look at Alex Herozi. There's not a single piece of advice or a single piece of strategy that he used scaling his businesses that is not out on YouTube for free. Okay? Because the truth is people judge you based on the free value you put in the world. They don't judge you for how good your paid program is. So, if you keep that, if you keep your best information and your best advice and all your strategies behind a payw wall, guess what? Only 1%
[22:36 | t=1356] of your entire audience is going to actually respect you. But if you put that out for free, everybody's going to know that you're good at what you do. Your free content should help your ideal customers solve the first initial problems to achieve a desired result that they want. So, let's say you guys are selling a make money online course, right? Let's say you're teaching someone how to do SMA or Tik Tok shop or whatever. Your free content should realistically make them their first 3K a month without even you talking to them,
[23:07 | t=1387] without even you helping to them, helping them at all because that's what's going to get them to pay you 5 to 10K on the back end. That's what's going to trans get them to transact those big payments on the back end, right? That's what led to my 150k a month. If you guys don't know, like like this is actually my W dashboard, my fan bases and everything because what happens is if you watch my content and you make more money with your coaching business, you attribute your success to me. Okay? So my free content takes you from zero to
[23:38 | t=1418] 5K a month. And when you want to scale from 5K a month to maybe 30K a month or 50K a month, guess who you go to? You're going to go to me, right? You're going to go to me. So, my free value takes me from point A to point B. Just off of free value. I take you from 0 to 5K a month. Point A to point B. Once you've made 5K a month with my free value, you will have no choice but to transact with me if you want to scale to the next level to 30K a month or whatever. And you're not going to go to
[24:08 | t=1448] anybody else because I'm the one that took you from 0 to 5K. I have trust that nobody that you have with nobody else. That is how you separate yourself from the most saturated market. You know, a lot of you guys are thinking, "Oh, I don't know how to sell. I don't know how to sell or I don't know if I can scale to 10K a month." Whatever. Guys, there's so many people that are so selfish with their information and so caught up with selling courses and selling information
[24:39 | t=1479] that you can just go into your niche and dominate. I'm in the online coaching space. I mean, some of you, I don't know how many of you guys are online coaches, but you know, Mino can attest to this. Renzo can attest to this as well. It's the most saturated industry in the entire online space. Everybody says they can scale coaches. In 9 months, I scale from 0 to 150K a month in the most saturated niche because I provided free value that nobody else is willing to provide. And if you go out there in your specific niche and you drop a crazy free course
[25:10 | t=1510] and you just put all your information out there for free, what's going to happen is people are just going to make money with your free content and they're going to DM you and you're not even going to need a sales call and they're going to want to pay you 5 to 10k upfront just for your one-on-one time or just for your community or just for your program. So again, let me repeat it. I take you from 0 to 5k a month with my free value. And when you want to go from 5K a month to 30K a month, that's when you pay me. Make people get their desired
[25:40 | t=1540] reality first. Make them get their desired goal first and then charge on the back end. If you want to separate yourself from everybody else in the niche in your niche right now and you want to have more respect than everybody else has, do this method. I promise you, it's a game changer. I'm uh I'm I've been yapping for a bit. But does that does that make sense, guys? Let me check real quick. What is this? Yo, drop a W in the chat if this is
[26:10 | t=1570] [ __ ] sauce, bro. Oh my goodness. I'm taking hella notes, too. Hopefully this is helping, guys, cuz I I just led with so much value. And you know, when you lead with value, people are just going to come. people are just going to come, right? So, don't be afraid to just give so much value because there's no such thing. There's no such thing as too much value. You will get paid either way. And even if you don't get paid, they will spread good word of mouth which will get you paid from one of their friends or
[26:41 | t=1601] whatever, right? So, let's say like I'll give you an example of this. Let's say I hopped on a 1 hour call with one of you guys. If I dropped one hour of sauce, just straight sauce and just pure value, and I told you everything that you needed to do to scale from 0 to 10k a month, you're going to leave that call and you're going to be like, I feel bad, you know, cuz Sue just [ __ ] gave me so much value and I didn't even pay for it. And you're going to feel bad, right? What that means is you put someone in value debt. And when you put someone in
[27:13 | t=1633] value debt, they're going to be more inclined to do anything that you ask of them. This is kind of like the manipulative side of sales and everything, but bear with me, right? When you put someone in value debt and when you give your free course for free and you give information like that for free, what's going to happen is that these guys are going to reply to you in your DMs. So, when you have a sender reaching out to all your leads and everything, guess what, your response rate for your first initial outreach message is going to be it's going to skyrocket straight off the bat because they have more trust with you and they feel bad because they got so much value
[27:43 | t=1663] that the least they could do is respond. And if you have a good enough setter, your setter can turn that lead into a booked call that pays you 10K just like that, right? But the it begins with the amount of value you provide. It begins with the amount of pro value you provide and take making someone their getting someone their desired reality first or getting them their desired result first and then caring about yourself later. Just lead with value. Serve first, you know, and then the money will come later.
[28:14 | t=1694] So, it's trust by saturation. I I I mentioned the 7-hour content. Like, you have to, you know, they have to consume at least 7 hours of content. Another thing is trust by saturation. By the time someone books in a call, they've consumed 20 plus touch points from multiple platforms and it's game over, right? It's game over. Now, this is exactly what I did. I gave away all my information that's part of my 9.5K course for free, which is what Mino showed earlier in the call, and I got a [ __ ] ton of optins. I think
[28:44 | t=1724] generally that releasing my free course is the reason why I'm making 150k a month right now. And y'all better start doing it before it's too late and before everyone starts hopping on it. Like people are starting to realize it now. And people are like all my competitors are trying to like scramble their free courses together and put out some [ __ ] But if you can if you already have material like really really really consider just putting it out for free because you'll make more money than ever. like you'll make more money and you'll be able to just have such a spotless reputation because no one can
[29:15 | t=1755] talk [ __ ] about you anymore. If they when people invest in me, it's not a risk because they can actually go through my program and everything and know that I know what I'm talking about. I've been talking to you guys for like 30 minutes, not even maybe like 20 minutes, right? And your perception of me now is completely changed because I've dropped value for 20 minutes. Maybe at the start you're like, "Who the [ __ ] is this Chinese guy?" Now, you know, 20 minutes after, you're like, "Okay, this guy actually knows what he's talking about, right?" Which is why 50 of you are still staying on this call. If you can just provide so much
[29:46 | t=1786] value to these guys that you make it, you make it so that their purchase of your program, it's not even a risk. It's just like they already know it's guaranteed success. That's how you can charge genuinely 5 to 10K. And so all the value and knowledge I have, I just put it in this course and I packaged it up into freebies, right? I told them to DM me on Instagram and I went a step further. The setter used a freebie script to booked to book in calls. So every person that opted in, I got their name, I got their phone
[30:16 | t=1816] number, and I got their email. If you guys know anything about sales funnels, all that stuff, um, that's kind of my background. And so the first thing we did, we I hired a dialer. I had a dialer reaching out to basically every single one of these dudes that opted in. And we booked a [ __ ] ton of calls just off of that. Again, because people are in value debt, they got so much value for free. The least they could do is have a conversation with one of my reps, right? And then my setter on my Instagram also DM'd every single person that opted in, right? You know, I want to send you more
[30:46 | t=1846] personalized resources, blah blah blah. And do you see how because I led with value, now there's an opening for me to actually book them in for a call now, right? You don't just get what you want straight away. No, no, no. You give them what they want. You get them the result first and then they'll be open to hearing what you have to say and everything. Especially with saturated markets, especially with sophisticated clients, you know, I did this in the coaching space. So, if you guys launch a B TOC and you run some [ __ ] like this, I don't like I don't even know how
[31:16 | t=1876] much money you could make cuz my ICP, my ideal clients are super super smart. dip and pitch time and time again. You know, if you're selling to a B2C audience and you run this offer or you run this funnel that worked for my B2B sophisticated ass market, it's going to be wraps, right? And so Setter uses the freebie script to booking calls. Again, you know, I don't know if if I if I ever DM you guys, like it's not actually me, my Setter. I'm
[31:47 | t=1907] going just say that right now. But, you know, we have a few, you know, outreach messages and everything, all that stuff. And we just, you know, convert, we we turn leads that want the freebies into book calls just by hearing a nice conversation, right? How long's that been going on for you? Blah blah blah. How's that been for you? What are you currently focused on? I've got some few times. Blah blah blah. Right? And again, the opening is only there because I provided that much value. And what this
[32:17 | t=1937] leads to is a packed out calendar of warm leads that are ready to just pay you. I kid you not, some of my sales calls in 10, 15 minutes, these guys are just piffing 20K, right? Because again, they've already gone through the free course. This isn't even a call. This isn't even a sales call. It's like an onboarding call. You know, you want to get your leads so warm to the point where they're hopping on the call and they already decided. That's how you know if your middle funnel is dialed in. If you're having hop on calls with your
[32:48 | t=1968] prospects and they're still kind of having to think or they're throwing, you know, one or two objections out there, your funnel is just not it's just [ __ ] you know, like it's not good enough. The moment that you can just have prospects hop on call within 10 minutes and piff your full amount, that's when you have a dialed in funnel. Okay? And what this leads to is huge pips in sales. So 11.5K, 10.5, you know, we did 130 cash, all that [ __ ] So, it's crazy stuff. It's honestly crazy stuff. And that's
[33:19 | t=1999] what happens when you have a dial in funnel. People just want to pay you. I've had countless inbounds where it's like, I have 10K liquid. Let me know when you have time for a call. Like, they're telling me, can you imagine getting that type of DM? Someone telling you that they have $10,000 liquid in their in their bank account ready to pay you, and all you have to do is just hop on a call, talk to them for 10 minutes, and close them, and then deliver on the service. Can you imagine how much life would be, how how much easier life would be? You know, you do this by just providing first. You do this by doing
[33:50 | t=2030] what nobody else in your market is doing and just providing so much value that people can't even fathom it and they feel that so they respond to you. And when you have a dialed in setter, you have a dialed in closer, you have a dialed in dialer, everything. Everything is just easier. Okay? Middle of funnel is what's going to make you your first 10, 30, 50, 100k a month. Like I haven't even mastered top of funnel. If you guys think that you have to go viral, please look at my [ __ ] Like, please look at my [ __ ] I'm only going viral now because, you know, I like my whole angle now is
[34:20 | t=2060] like I I made 150k a month at 19 and I'm balancing university. That's my angle now. But before this month, before May, I had no viral videos. I I all my videos hit 2 to 3K. If you have a few hundred followers right now and a few thousand followers right now and you're not getting people to DM you, you need to implement this. You need to implement this. All right, beautiful. Does this make sense for you guys? Yo, W in the chat if this makes sense.
[34:52 | t=2092] Dude, I have so many notes. I have a couple questions and I know there's probably a ton of questions in the chat. So, I actually want to uh cuz I want to respect your time, too. We got like 24 minutes left here. Um, yeah. You mind if we just jump into questions here, Suie? Oh, we could. Yeah. Yeah. Let me wrap up the bottom of funnel real quick and then I'll show you guys the bottom of funnel super fast and then we'll drop in a questions. So that's cool. Bet. Beautiful. All right, bottom of funnel closing. Guys, like I said, take calls
[35:23 | t=2123] or pre-sold leads. Don't sell, you know. Um, a lot of you guys think I'm good at sales. I'm I'm very very average at sales. I I like I'm very very average, you know. I'm good at talking. I'm good at using tonality and everything. Um, but the the the power of my funnel and the power of building a consulting business is just, you know, in the middle of funnel. That's where majority of my of my sales and everything comes from. Okay. So, I take calls of pre-sold leads. This is the overall framework that I use. I'm not going to get into it
[35:54 | t=2154] because honestly, it's really really easy. If you have middlefunnel dialed in, you don't even need bottom of funnel. You can say some [ __ ] on the call and people will still buy from you. It's crazy. All right. There's not much objection handling needed if you run this funnel the right way and the selling is done before they even hop on a call. Like I said, your calls should last 20 minutes. I don't care if you're B to C. I don't care if you're B2B. I don't care who who the [ __ ] you're selling to, right? Your calls should be pre-sold. These leads should be pre-sold by the time they hop on the calls and they should be piffing.
[36:24 | t=2184] I'm going throw a little snippet of like what people are saying when they see my offer and everything, but the number two the two things that you should focus on is your middle funnel and your offer, right? Like listen to this. And the reason why I say this because these are the reactions I get on my calls sometimes. But I mean like you know so much more than me as far as fulfillment. Like your fulfillment is dialed. I've always heard I've always heard very good things in your name. And so that's why I was like, I got to book a call with this
[36:54 | t=2214] because that's my number one concern. I want to have a good reputation. That's what that guy said, right? The people that the clients that I work with do the selling for me. And in this one, you're going to see the offer does the selling for me. I don't even have to sell. No, it's it's obviously them, but you have some sort of [ __ ] knowledge that I had to get myself on. I appreciate that, bro. I appreciate that. But let me run you through the two offers, then we'll take them on, bro. Yeah.
[37:25 | t=2245] Cool. So, let me show you this real quick. You'll have pure clarity on what you need to work on offer right now. Correct. Hold up. This is your whole process. Yeah. I What's up? Oh, this is [ __ ] good. I ain't seen an offer better than this in [ __ ] ages, bro. Okay, enough glazing from this guy. Basically, if you just work on your offer, you make it so different from all
[37:56 | t=2276] your other competitors, people are just going to say [ __ ] like this. And your offer and your content that they consume before the call is going to sell them. You know, you don't actually need to get good at sales and objection handling, all that [ __ ] Like, no. You know, I've been a very very midcloer and I've been able to close 150K a month by myself because of these systems. All right. So, yeah. And another part is the fulfillment, guys. We're in the info space. We're we're in the info space. Everything is based on
[38:26 | t=2306] reputation, you know? Everything is based on reputation. So before you even sell the product, get actually good at what you do, you know? Get really, really [ __ ] good at what you do. I remember before I launched my offer, I joined four of my different competitors. I just bought their [ __ ] and I saw what I like from them. I took it and put it in mine and I made my fulfillment so good and I had people making their money back within the first 7 to 14 days. Right? You got guys making 4K, 2K, 16K, 5K, 4K, all that [ __ ] And people just
[38:56 | t=2336] getting their money back within 7 to 14 days. And when you make a risk, like when you make a quote unquote risky decision and you invest 12.5, 12K or 18K and you make your money back in 7 to 14 days, guess what you're going to do? You're going to tell your friends, right? And so when I close a person, I'm not just closing one person. I'm closing like three cuz I know that that guy is going to refer two more people in a month from now when he gets the results and 20% of my acquisition is through referrals. So now not just my content, not just my offer, not just everything
[39:26 | t=2366] like not just that people are just talking good about me, right? I have a good reputation now and reputation is everything in the game because there is no there is no way to know if you're really legit. You know, everyone can fake testimonials. Everyone can fake all this [ __ ] You can't fake a good reputation. you can't. And so now I'm posting client retreats. I'm showing me hanging out with my clients in Dubai. I brainwash them results. I post 5K studies every single week. I show people winning. And over time, when you start following me, you're going to get FOMO
[39:56 | t=2396] cuz you're going to be like, "Okay, Sue's already made me an extra 5 to 10k a month. He I want to go to Dubai with his clients. I want to meet with meet up with him and the guys that he's working with. I'm going to join." People don't buy information. Get that out of your head. You're not selling a course. You shouldn't sell a course when you want to build a real business that gets you, you know, real results and allows you to scale really, really fast. You can sell a course, but the way that you keep a spotless reputation is by selling the implementation because no one can doubt
[40:26 | t=2426] your expertise when all your expertise is out there for free. So, yeah, that's my presentation. I know I went a bit too long, but I have a bit of I I don't mind going past 3 p.m. EST. Like, I got time. So yeah, hopefully you guys like that. Wow, dude. That's that is freaking crazy, bro. One more W in the chat before we jump into questions and then feel free to jump like drop your question in the chat because I have like two very quick rapidfire questions for you, Su like Yeah, go ahead. That was
[40:58 | t=2458] awesome. So these are like personal questions of mine. Um the first one is simply what software platforms do you use for software for like CRM product community funnels everything I host all my websites and all my um funnels on on go high level so that's 300 a month I book calls through Cali I use notion for all my systems and [ __ ] and I think that's about it bro like I'm
[41:30 | t=2490] [ __ ] yeah I'm a bot when it comes to tech and [ __ ] I have my I have my like VA just build everything out for me. But that that's basically it. Yo, that's fire, bro. Honestly, that's that's dope. You said what do you use for like CRM and email? Um, I use ConvertKit for email and then CRM I use go high level. Fire fire. That's awesome. That's sick. Next question is you said you had a bunch of mentors and I saw this question in the chat. Who are the mentors that
[42:00 | t=2520] you've invested in? Who are the favorite? And if you can just go in a list of like best experience to worst, bro, we'll start some [ __ ] drama in here. I don't know if I can do that, bro. I don't know if I can do that. I don't want to step on any toes. But I've invested in a lot of people. I've invested in Charlie Morgan. Um Ravi Abua. Uh who else? I'm I'm Jeremy Haynes. I don't know. Jeremy Haynes is bro, that guy's [ __ ] good. Um, Yousef Malcolm, I don't know if you
[42:32 | t=2552] know these guys. I could be just like saying random ass names you guys don't know, but these guys like, yeah, I worked with a lot of coaches. I'm not going to rank just cuz I don't want to step on any toes, but some of them are good, some of them are bad. Who was the best experience that you had? Like the one that you felt impacted you the most or you got the most value out of? That's hard, bro. That's hard. I think I'd say Yousef cuz Yousef taught me all the skills Yousef and Malcolm
[43:02 | t=2582] with the GA like the growth operating stuff. Like that's how I got the skill set that I have today. And I think that com like the skill set that they got me combined with my knowledge on how to kind of position myself in the right way and stand out from the market was what made me the money that I make right now. So yeah, that's fire. That's fire. Yeah, I bet. Um, I have another question here and I basically want you to pitch us real quick, but like framed in this question here of
[43:35 | t=2615] what is your onboarding process? Like what does it look like when somebody actually pays you and they join? And then my question on top of that is like what exact SOPs do you provide? And yeah, I I feel like if you could even frame it as if you were basically pitching us on what the client journey will look like if I were piff you right now, what does that look like? I like that. I like that. Let me pull some stuff up real quick. Um, and if anyone converts, I'll give Mino a
[44:06 | t=2646] nice little referral. Let me just pull this up real quick. So the first thing that happens is I send you an email and you get access to basically like everything, right? So everything is automated. Yeah. Let me show you real quick. Yeah. So immediately once you get closed, boom, triggers in the pipeline and then you get the onboarding email. Onboarding email is very simple. I congratulate you to join blah blah blah. And then we fill out everything. So you fill out an onboarding form. Let me show you guys
[44:36 | t=2676] what this looks like. It's detailed, right? So, I need your name, email, business, what's your backstory, what's your offer, what do you want to use, who are your competitors. And the thing is like it's very personalized. And the reason why I get the results that we get is because we don't work with a lot of guys. So maybe if you wanted to join, you wouldn't even be able to, you know, cuz if you're not if I don't see you being that case study that gets that doubles, triples the business in the next 6 months. I don't want to work with you, right? We said no to a lot of people, which is why I can, you know, do market research for every single one of
[45:06 | t=2706] the clients that joins and that's why we get the results that we get. So that's what happens. And then you join the community. And when you join the community, everything just changes, right? Everything just changes. And when you see the wins chat every single day popping off, you're going to ask yourself, why am I not making the same amount of money? Why are people making more money than me when they're less qualified and they work way less than me and they're not working as hard and everything? That's going to piss you off. And so a lot of it is like yes, we
[45:36 | t=2736] provide you the consulting, but it's like when you're part of a community where everybody is winning every [ __ ] day and there's a guy getting 40k new followers in 4 days and everyone's just getting cash coming in, what's going to happen is you're going to think to yourself, okay, what am I doing wrong? Because I have the same exact consulting, support, guidance, and everything that these guys have. What can I do? And so the cool thing about our community is that you can reach out and it's tightknit. you know, we only have 40 50 guys in here and you can reach out to everybody. You know, Deon was making 3K a month, now he's making
[46:06 | t=2766] 4.5. And so that's that. You know, you get access to the video modules, subscribe to the group calls, format call, everything. And it's a lot. It's a lot. But the main SOPs that you guys will get or like my clients get is they get their own notion dashboard. This is where you can script all your systems and everything. And we give you specific appointment setting scripts tailored to your offer. And so what we're going to do, the reason why we get the information from the onboarding is because now I can get the information and create a specific inbound, outbound,
[46:36 | t=2796] postbooking, freebie script, everything. The number one problem you guys struggle with is book calls. What if I just completely took over that process? I wrote out your DM scripts for every type of lead that you get and I place a set that was qualified and trained by me. You wouldn't even have to lift a finger and you start booking calls, right? And so that's why I mentioned the done for you systems and everything. Instead of getting my clients to script out their own inbound script and their own outbound script and hire their own setter or learn appointment setting, let me just find a setter or train the setter the right way. Get him, you know,
[47:07 | t=2827] accustomed to the scripts that we create for the client and just manage the setter for them. You don't need to lift a finger, right? And that's what that's why we charge such a premium service. That's why we get the result that we get. Nobody else does this in our space. nobody, you know, but it's also why I have to say no to a lot of guys because I just can't do this for everybody, you know. So, you get the inbound scripts and everything and you know, you guys ask about, okay, how do I create a special offer and everything? If you have worksheets where you're talking about your offer and everything and then
[47:37 | t=2857] going into chatbt and everything and helping out, like, how can you not create an offer that's worth 5 to 10K? How can you not book three to five calls every single day? Of course, you can, right? So, a lot of it is done for you and that's why people pay. It's the money that we get paid. So yeah, I don't know if that went on for a bit too long, but that's a quick summary. No, that's that's awesome. And like I I feel like the fact that you even just shared that was worth like thousands of dollars to me at least, you
[48:08 | t=2888] know, and that's Yeah, that's that's sick as hell. Um, one last question for me and then I'll open the floor to a couple of questions in the chat. I don't know if we'll have time for like every single one because I'm sure like we open the floor, it's going to be like tons of questions, but I have a very quick question. What's your system for getting referrals? When you say 20% are of clients are referrals, that's like that's awesome. That's insane. And do you have any systems for like asking
[48:39 | t=2919] for referrals or collecting them in any way or is it just straight up like they just did it? I was like I didn't even know about that. We have a system. We track referrals and everything and I have a CSM where I actually track how many referrals that each client that he manages gets. If that makes sense. So the thing is your business is going to fail because of a lack of tracking. Right? Every business if you don't know what your bottleneck is nine times out of 10 it's because you don't have you're not tracking enough numbers. And so when I know that I have a problem I need to track. Like that's
[49:09 | t=2949] another topic for another day. But one thing that we do is as soon as someone joins, we ask them, okay, like, you know, I'm excited to have you on. You know, um, by the way, Devon, do you know anybody else that would love that would actually like to make the same transformation that you're about to make today? Know, we found that people that do join or people that do join with a friend are just way more likely to succeed and it's just, you know, you get a nice referral bonus. You get your friend help as well. You guys are going through this journey together. It's just much easier. So, when someone buys in,
[49:40 | t=2980] that's the second time that they're most likely to send a referral because they're excited, they're nervous, and they want someone to do it with them because they're going to the unknown. You can take it. You can actually use that to your advantage by getting them to sign up another person, and they get a referral fee. Maybe they get one less, one less payment plan option. So, instead of paying 3K a month time four, maybe it's only 3K a month time three, you know, something like that that incentivizes them. and we asked them like right after they close. Another way is we have a referral doc. So, this is
[50:11 | t=3011] something that I created for one of my clients, uh, Cruz. He runs a fitness offer and it's worked [ __ ] wonders. So, we have, okay, one referral, you get $500 cash or an extra month of working with me. Three referrals, you get $1,000 or an extra 3 months working with me. Five referrals, I fly you out to Miami, stay 2 days in a high-rise B&B, train, get a dinner, and hang out. Now, I scripted this all out for him, right? The moment these guys join, they're watching this video. And then it's a Loom video of Cruz kind of my my client going over why
[50:42 | t=3042] he built this referral system, who should participate, and then going over specific ways a step by step on creating a three-way group chat. And so again, it's very very actionable. You know, you can ask someone for referral, but if they don't know how to create one or how to actually take the action to do it, they're not going to do it. Okay, so this is a Loom video that all my clients watch when they're in the program. So they do know that they get incentivized to do to send a referral. And another thing is asking asking a client for referral when they've hit a record month, right?
[51:14 | t=3074] So, if I if I get someone to go from 5K to 40K in 30 days, what's going to happen is they're going to be super [ __ ] happy with what I have. And I've created an SOP that basically gets my CSM or gets me or my VA to reach out to that person to get on a call and ask him, "Hey, do you know anyone else looking to make this transformation?" You know, and a lot of my money is actually made through upsells and referrals. I'm going to go on a bit of a tangent here, but this is more advanced and I think a lot of you guys that are doing 10K a
[51:44 | t=3104] month, you guys will really benefit from this. If you get a client 5K to 40K, you know, and you do that, it's basically like you going to a restaurant and eating a [ __ ] steak, you know? You eat a fat [ __ ] steak. You eat a fat [ __ ] steak. You're satisfied. You're you're full. You love everything. Now, the last thing that you do in that situation is you try and eat another steak. like it doesn't make sense, right? You do not upsell the moment that you get your client the desired result
[52:14 | t=3134] they want. No, you don't upsell. You ask for a referral because when they're full and when they just had that stake and they're, you know, feeling good about themselves and everything, what's going to happen is that they're going to want to introduce a friend. You just need to make that ask. You need to assume that they already have friends. Don't even ask who. Don't even ask like if they know anyone. Just ask who. Like, who do you know that actually just wants to have a steak as well? Okay. Boom, you get the referral. And then you wait for a few months and you wait till that wait till that client is hungry again. People
[52:46 | t=3166] only buy solutions to problems that they have. When you scale someone from 5K to 40K, you don't sell someone once they've already solve this problem and once life is good. No, you sell them when they have another problem that they can't fix. So maybe it's sustaining that 40k a month. That's when I upsell them, right? So you upsell when the client faces a problem and you ask for a referral when the client is satisfied with their with the solution or whatever. So in a stake analogy when the client when you're full or when your client is full with their
[53:16 | t=3196] steak you ask for referral. When the client is hungry again that's when you upsell. Does that make sense? Dude, that's sauce bro. That's awesome. And Mino you have a thousand people in here. So, I mean, if you use this the right way, double the business just like this. Hey, we'll see. We'll see. You know, we'll see. Uh, no, no promises, but if you get a DM, bro, you know, don't get surprised.
[53:48 | t=3228] No, that's awesome. Okay, we have a couple questions in the chat. I want to rapid fire here. Um, yeah, first question is, how many employees do you have to handle all your clients? And I guess I'll bundle in with that question like full-time versus contractors and like altogether how many? Okay. Full-time I have a setter and a dollar. I pay the guy 5% commission and $1,000 base. So it adds up to around 4 to 5K a month. The other fulltime is a VA. I pay my my VA is actually kind of premium. He's kind of expensive. He's like 1.8K a month, but that's just cuz
[54:19 | t=3259] like I give him bonuses and I I like to get treat my guys well. Um and then I have a creative director. He's part-time actually. So, he's just the guy that's managing all my editors. He's posting the content for me and I don't want to [ __ ] like go on IG and just like post write the caption like nah, you know. Um, I just want to work on like high leverage activities. So, I have creative director that just handles all that. I have a CSM that handles client work as well. This guy is also my closer and he is full-time as well. So, he gets a 3K
[54:50 | t=3290] month base and then 5% rep share on the entire business. And then also um 10% of what he closes obviously. So like 15% basically. And then I have a manager who's just just managing my setters and you know helping out with with my client setters and everything. And I pay him 2 or 3k a month. So yeah, five people. And what does that total out to? Not a lot. Like 10 to 20. So margins are still very lean.
[55:22 | t=3322] Yeah. more. Let's see. Um, I think this is kind of related to the question you just answered, but what advice would you give at younger you at 15k a month that would have saved months of time and energy currently running everything with no leverage? Well, enjoy the process first of all. Um, the reason why I got to where I am is not because I was obsessed with the end result. I was obsessed with the process. I genuinely like if I made if you told me tomorrow that I'd make no money doing what I do, I still [ __ ]
[55:53 | t=3353] do it just for the love of the game, you know, just because of fulfillment, just because of impact, just because I genuinely enjoy my my line of work. And I think that if you can understand what your passion really is and just love what you do every single day, you're going to get there, right? The man that loves walking will always get to the destination compared to the guy that loves the destination. I took that from Ramosi. And if you guys couldn't tell, that's like the guy that I learned from and [ __ ] Um, but just love [ __ ] walking and you'll get to where you want to be, you know? Love what you do. Find
[56:23 | t=3383] a way to love it. You know, if you don't like this thing, can you outsource it? Okay, if you can't, then how can you do it, you know? So, um, just love what you do and enjoy the grind because when you make 100 150k a month, all that [ __ ] you're going to miss the days when you were making 10 to 30 or you're going to miss the days when you're making zero. and it makes it that much better that you've been through that phase because 15 150k a month is that much sweeter you know so yeah I mean just and another
[56:54 | t=3414] thing is don't compare your first step to someone's 50th step guys I've been in the game for 3 years I started when I was 16 4 years now right I'm 20 if you're comparing yourself to me and you're like oh this guy's my age he's making this amount of money don't make that comparison because I've been in the game for four years maybe it's your first year All right. So, find someone that's also been in the business and been in the game for a year. Compare with him and see what they're doing that you're not. Comparison is good when you make comparison that's actually logical and then when you can actually
[57:25 | t=3445] take what they're doing that you're not doing and implement it for yourself. That's what I'd say. So, don't fall in the trap of just like comparing and like, oh, this guy is making more than me. Like, you know, I want to make more. I want to make more. Like, if you always think about how much you're going to make, you're never going to be happy. Just enjoy the process. Generally, just enjoy the process. That's fire. This is a question that I I think this is very applicable to a lot of people. Uh Henry asked, "How did you get
[57:55 | t=3475] your first clients and how did you legitimize myself legitimize yourself when you didn't have any social proof to begin with?" That's a good question. Um you got to create an offer that's just so hard to say no to, right? So what what does your what is the risk of your client not of your prospect saying no or what what is the risk that they're thinking of? Okay, you don't know what what you're doing. You could have a guarantee in there that states if you don't make them x amount, you give them a full refund. Just like
[58:26 | t=3506] that, you show your confidence, right? So I'd put a guarantee first of all. And another thing is it's your mindset. You know, when I if you look back at the videos where I was making like 5K a month or even from zero, I talk the same way. I always knew I was going to make this work. I I I kind of faked it till I made it, if that makes sense. And so I had the way that I talked and the way that I presented myself. You think I have 100 clients when I had zero. It's just how you present yourself, you know, and if you're if in your mind you
[58:57 | t=3537] believe like you think that you can hand that you've you can get the result and everything, show the confidence, you know, have a bold guarantee. Like my guarantee is if I don't make you 20k a month in revenue, I'll give you a full refund and I'll pay you an extra 2K on top of that. That's how bold my guarantee is, you know? So, if a coach comes to me and they're scared and like, "What's the worst case scenario?" You get paid 2K if it doesn't work out. I take on the risk. You take on no risk. So, it's about creating an offer that's just so [ __ ] it's just so hard to say
[59:28 | t=3568] no to and then ripping it and just having confidence and believing in yourself before it even happens. Um, there's this book I'm reading right now. It's called Outsmarting Reality. You have to believe that you're at this point before you're even at the point, right? If like when I made 100K a month, in my head, I was like when I made like when I make 100K a month, it wasn't if. There was no if. It was just when. And so, believe that you're already there and you're going to move with a different type of energy. You're
[59:58 | t=3598] going to present yourself differently and everything and it's just going to be that much easier. I like that and I think that answers another question I saw from John Kazama. How did you develop your valuable skills and how did you know when you have that much value? Like I I think it's very telling that you say it's not necessarily just about like when will I get to the point where I've like checked off the box of having enough valuable skills or knowledge in order to start helping or to stop to start selling
[1:00:28 | t=3628] and that point won't come. Yeah. So, the done for you, the done for you grind is where I developed majority of my skills. Um, I was writing VSSLs every day, was writing copy. I mean, if you guys are watching my stories, you guys know how [ __ ] good I am at writing stories and [ __ ] Like, I had a I posted a story the other day. I got 500 inbounds and I have 33K followers, guys. Like, it's just about, you know, reps and reps and reps. And, you know, a lot of these a lot of these
[1:00:58 | t=3658] questions I can tell it's just mindset. It's your limiting beliefs. But with enough volume, you can basically just have so much [ __ ] proof that you're good at what you do that you don't even need to convince yourself otherwise, you know, cuz you've done it so much. The the the actions that you've done and everything has led to this result for your clients and everything. And it's like I mean, when I made my guys like 100K, when I scaled them from 5K to 100K a month, like I didn't even have to convince myself. It was just there and people saw it. I was documenting it. You
[1:01:28 | t=3688] know, you guys all have Mino to help with the personal brand. If you document it, people are just going to throw money at you. I didn't start consulting mastery in my consulting business because I wanted to. I started it because people told me that they needed it. The market will tell you the offer that you need to run if you document yourself the right way and you present yourself the right way. And your confidence in your skill set will be developed with enough reps and volume and time in the game. All right, let's go, dude. I'm going ask you like one or two more questions. Um, yeah. The
[1:02:00 | t=3720] first one is B TOC focused because I know a lot of this is pretty much B2B, right? You're working with people who are doing like minimum 5 to 10K a month, right? Do you have any experience or anything to say about funnels for B toC people like let's say like apps, right? Or people just selling like B toC coaching. Maybe it's just like um Yeah, like a B TOC offer. You talking about like funnels and everything? Yeah. or well it's it's the same thing because if it works for B2B if it works for a smarter type of demographic it'll work
[1:02:31 | t=3751] for a dumber type of demographic. If anything, your job is 10 times easier now because you're selling to mass market and they don't know the marketing strategies that you're pulling on them, right? So, if you generally take my funnel and what I did to be able to scale up and you implement it for a B2C offer, it work like three times better because my off my funnel is built for sophisticated people. The people that you're selling to in the B2C in the mass market, they're not going to know what the [ __ ] a VSSL is, right? They're not going to know what a setter is. They're going to think it's you, you know? And so if anything, it'll work 10 times
[1:03:02 | t=3782] better. It'll work 10 times better. Um the most important thing that I'd say that I recommend you guys set up is have, you know, have a YouTube channel. Like a YouTube channel is what's going to separate you because if someone watches you for 15 20 minutes, they are 10 times more likely to transact with you. Put emphasis on YouTube, right? Um and then have a like outreach to your followers. You know, ask them what type of content they enjoy. And the certain people like they'll just naturally transition into wanting to buy your product. You don't even have to sell.
[1:03:33 | t=3813] Like when my seller reaches out, we just lead with value again. And sometimes they just ask for the service themselves, you know? So, I'd say just the same exact funnel, bro. I I wouldn't stress it. There's nothing different. And if anything, it'll work better. Got you. Um would you say that advice applies to like um physical products? cuz we have a couple people selling physical products here. Yeah. Um I mean it just depends. It just
[1:04:05 | t=3845] depends. Like I think for physical products you just have to sell based on emotion. I have a friend his name is Junior. He runs 100K a month agency that scales a lot of products and everything like um ecom brands and everything. And the way that he's scaled is not even posting the product. I mean you look at the biggest products they don't sell the product. They sell the emotions and what comes with products. I mean, look at the Red Bull marketing and everything. Red, there's not one piece of content that Red Bull posts that shows the can that they're selling or shows the drink. They
[1:04:36 | t=3876] show the craziest [ __ ] ski stunts. They show the snowboarding. They show the, you know, like skydiving, all the highend adrenaline [ __ ] and that's what makes you buy. So, if you double down on content and you understand what feeling your product, your your product is even selling and you just 10x that and you find a way to separate yourself from everybody else, that's what's going to get you the, you know, like a oneofone marketing. Just look at the biggest brands like Red Bull, see what they're doing, see how they sell on emotion, and
[1:05:06 | t=3906] double down on that. I like that. I like that a lot. I would say like um to to add on to that, right? I I see this with a lot of like Tik Tok shop creatives as well. Like it's it's very high octane energy in a sense where it's like they're not saying anything crazy. You look at like hair pomade products, product ads on Tik Tok shop, they're not saying like, "Hey guys, here it is." Like they're breaking down all the ingredients. They're
[1:05:36 | t=3936] talking about all the features. It's usually some kid just being like, "Oh, my hair is messed up. Oh, I'm going to lose all my aura at school. Oh my goodness, I found this thing." And it looks really stupid, but it's just like acting. It's a lot of like playing into that emotion. And even if it looks a little funny, silly, corny, it's like it still triggers some literal like like evolutionary biology like trigger where somebody's just seeing somebody else stressed or seeing somebody else happy or seeing somebody else scared and they're just
[1:06:07 | t=3967] going to subconsciously respond to that. They're just like going to watch it. You see this like Mr. Beast feastable ads, too. Like it's it's the simplest stuff ever, but it's just that he gets crazy reactions of people like geeking out after they eat like a broccoli flavored Mr. Beast Fastables chocolate bar. It's simple, but it's showing the emotion. And yeah, I I think that's great advice. Awesome. Um yeah, I guess I want to finish off this episode with just where
[1:06:40 | t=4000] can people find you? If people want to work with you, what's the next step? Yeah, I mean you guys can find me on IG. Uh it's just my name, Su. Uh if you want to work with me, just DM me. The thing is we don't work with everybody. Um like I said, I practice what I preach. So it's it's very low volume, high quality. We kind of pick and choose. I would like I'm fortunate enough to be able to have that luxury. And so yeah, just just DM me. Just DM me. Say you came from Mino, whatever. Um, I don't take my closing
[1:07:11 | t=4031] calls right now, but if you came from Mino, I don't mind running the call with you if you guys want to work together. And yeah, it's one of those ones where I mean, a lot of my free stuff is out there. You know, a lot of my free stuff is out there. If it's your first time kind of hearing me, watch my free [ __ ] I have a 7-hour course on YouTube. You know, if you thought this was valuable, wait till you go through those seven hours. You know, like I go through everything in detail. I could only kind of skim past certain things and kind of talk about like the overall framework and everything, but um the the real sauce is on the YouTube. So, if you found this valuable and you actually
[1:07:41 | t=4061] want to learn how to implement it, go to the YouTube, check it out. Again, it's just my name. And yeah, that's pretty much it. All right, dude. I want to get one more W in the chat from everybody who's watching in this uh in this Discord server. This is also going to be on YouTube. So, if you're watching this on YouTube, you're watching the VOD replay, you can check out all the links to Sue's stuff in the like in the description of the video. And little plug here, but if you do want to join these kind of live calls where you can ask your own questions, listen in live
[1:08:13 | t=4093] to people who are either making hundreds of thousands of dollars with Instagram, with Tik Tok, with social media, or like learn from coaches and experts who have hundreds of thousands of followers and really know either side of those growth elements of social media. You can click that first link in the description to check out what this community is about. And yo, other than that, yo, thank you so much, Sue, for for popping in, dropping all this sauce. I got so many DMs. I'm probably going to watch this
[1:08:43 | t=4123] mod one more time just so I can like really retain all these things, bro. But yeah. Yeah. Thank you so much. Thank you to everybody else who tuned in. Um, have a nice rest of your day, everyone. Ter
