# s040  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npO_5O0fRrc)

[0:00 | t=0] How to make 10K a month on Instagram as a beginner. I've been posting content on social media now for the past 5 years. The way content creators make money now is changing. I've noticed a couple changes in the last couple years. Follower count no longer matters. The algorithm favors watch time and engagement. The platforms are starting to pay way less per view. Now Tik Tok's creativity rewards program, the last I checked on my own phone was 32 cents per thousand views. They've literally cut the pay by like 5x 6x. However, there
[0:30 | t=30] are a small subset of creators who are making 10K a month with close to no experience, and it's all because they learned one skill. It's learning viral conversion content. I started off on TikTok in 2020, and I made 40 bucks in my first year. I was 16 years old. Uh I ran up an account to 100K followers in the comedy niche and then I made 40 bucks from brand deal, from a single brand deal. And then in 2021, I made 9K from Tik Tok's creator fund. That was its old version of its creativity program and it paid 1 cent per thousand
[1:01 | t=61] views. It paid close to nothing. Okay. And then I got three brand deals for 2K each. But mind you, by this point I had around like 5 600k followers on this account. I had a ton of followers on this account. 9,000 bucks for making for getting around 100 million to 200 million views is in my opinion pretty low. Actually, no, it's it's close to around 15 actually. I don't know why I said 11. I made around $15,000 that second year in content creation. And that was by running up like a shitload of views in year three of content creation. Now I'm three years in. I made
[1:32 | t=92] $10,000. And that was from one brand deal. I had to make two videos for them. And I paid I got paid 4K. And then I made some money from Instagram's fund. And then I started selling a course, which you can see was not very successful. If you can see that Teachable number, that's 572 bucks that I made from a course. And that's also because my audience at the time was literally this account. I only really had this account. So then I decided, okay, I should probably start a new account and that's when I started my other account. So if you search up my name here, that's when I actually started this account, right? But I
[2:03 | t=123] honestly barely made money from this account either. Like I'm talking about people who made like 10K a month in like month three, bro. You got to understand I was making like 10K a year for the first 2 years, first 3 years. Okay, so you have to understand like this takes time. I do want to preface that. Now, mind you, too, like my niche was in comedy, so the niche matters. And this is just like a little side note, but like you can't really like it's a lot harder to monetize certain niches than other ones. Is that I started selling coaching in 2023. And that's when I actually started to make money. Like
[2:33 | t=153] this is when I actually like I would say became an actual semi full-time income. Like 50,000 a year is like it's basically what I would have gotten paid if I went to a marketing job. So at this point in 2023, I took a year off from college. I finished my first year of college here, right? And then I went and take took a gap year and I started selling high ticket coaching. This was onetoone. I was literally just helping pretty much anybody who wanted to be helped on social media who wanted to grow. And I was just like, "Yo, like pay me, bro. I know how to go viral, bro. I will just like help you out." This is
[3:03 | t=183] like year four and five. Last year, uh, we basically switched over to a paid community model and that business is now known as Content Academy. Uh, these are like our literal, this is literally from my bookkeeping sheet. I don't know if this is like necessarily valuable input, but I do want to be like incredibly transparent with uh with how much I've made. So, this is 216K in rev last year with about 100K in profit. And then this year so far, we've done about 326K in revenue and then about like 176K in
[3:34 | t=214] profit. Okay? And this is year two of running Content Academy. Now, the reason why I say this too is because I'm not necessarily saying, "Oh, just because I made money just through coaching means it's the best opportunity." I was basically monetizing off of the skills that I had built up from like 3 years in advance. And that's when I actually started turning that into like a skill set to teach. So, I do want to like I do want to preface that the amount of time that it took to get to this point or or rather to get to really like this point is a massive barrier to entry because I
[4:05 | t=245] was literally monetizing off of like 3 years of social media experience. That being said, right, I've compiled all of the different ways that I've made money through social media and I want to actually walk through what actually then is the best beginner model to monetize on social media. and it's not what you think based on what I've like walked through so far. These are the four different methods I have done to make social media money. The first one is Tik Tok's creativity program. This is not my screenshot actually. I just got it off the internet, but I think I've made
[4:35 | t=275] around like I I think I've made around total maybe like 9K from all of the programs that have existed. Now, Tik Tok's creativity program actually does still exist. If I can actually pull up my creativity program on my phone, I I'll show you how much I'm making right now from the creativity program. my overview in the last 60 days, I made $170 bucks. And that's from maybe like one or two videos doing well. That's like kind of absurd. And then in the last year before that, right, in 2024, I made $516. It's like for the amount of followers, like you would expect an
[5:06 | t=306] account like this to like, yo, like you probably make like, you know, a couple bands. Bro, I made $516 last year through this program. I'm I'm not to [ __ ] on it. Like I have friends who are making like a good like 5 to 10K a month on it, but they also have millions of followers. It's really hard to monetize a Tik Tok creativity program because if you just crunch the numbers, right? First off, you need 10K followers to even start. So, the barrier to entry is so so so high. And on top of that, because you have to be consistently going viral, unless you have like a
[5:36 | t=336] consistently super viral format that's pulling in 100K views minimum every single video and you're posting like 30 videos a month, bro, it is not a stable income. And for anybody who has like a lot of fluctuations and creative freedom in what you post, like it's not that stable in my opinion. And then your month one to three earning potential, in my opinion, after you hit 10K followers, and this is after you hit 10K followers, I still think like the most you'd probably make is like 1K a month, unless you have some exponential chart on TikTok, but realistically, it's somewhere going to be closer to zero.
[6:08 | t=368] And that's that's been my experience as somebody who has pulled in a lot of views and then also pulled in like not an insane number of views. I had a video before get 10 million views on TikTok. And yes, that's probably netted me like four or five bands, but I lowkey got paid like five bands to study for an exam. So, this video probably made me around like four to 5K in Tik Tok's creativity program. So, it's not awful. Like, if you go like, sure, if you want to try going this viral every single video, if you want to hit 5K a month, go for it, man. Like, go for it. You try it, man. You try it. So in my opinion
[6:38 | t=398] because you need to learn a really difficult skill of virality and then continuously be up on date of it and you also have to mind you 1 minute plus videos. Your videos now have to be over a minute long. They didn't used to be now they do. So yeah like even if you go viral you have to go super duper viral too on a minute long videos. Like these are long out videos bro. So it's it's a lot. It's a high high barrier to entry. So, in my opinion, like if I were to rank this, if I had to give it like out of
[7:08 | t=428] 10, I'm personally giving this one like I I actually think it's probably like a two out of 10. Like the amount of people who are actually making full-time incomes from creativity creativity program is genuine influencers. It's like the actual influencers that you see who are like who are genuinely printing views. And like this is probably a good example, but like this is probably a good example of an influencer who is probably making a full-time income from creativity program, but that's because he's printing so many views. Like this is
[7:40 | t=460] probably like in the influencer celebrity category of creator and even then I guarantee they're going to make a lot more from brand deals. Okay, so in my opinion it's probably like a 2 out of 10. Now method number two which has in my opinion more stability is a coaching business. stability is actually pretty high in my opinion. Like if you're running a business, it's probably one of the most stable ways to make money on social media because you're not at the mercy of views at m as much. You you still are kind of at the mercy of views if you're running a business, but it's not as much because now the people
[8:11 | t=491] paying you like aren't just going to leave you if you get less views. It takes a long time. Like the barrier to entry is a lot. I would say don't even consider it unless you have a,000 followers just because you at least need some base to monetize off of, right? people who would be interested in anything you'd sell. And the month one to three earning potential is actually pretty good. I think you could make like an easy 1k a month in your like first two first two months. You that's literally like two clients. However, I would say two caveats. One is that you actually have to love it. Like it's a
[8:41 | t=521] small thing, but it's like it takes a lot more work to run a business than just make like content on social media. But you do have a lot more like scalable earning potential. Like I do think coaching business coaching businesses do have the highest scaling potential. Like I know people doing like 200 300k a month with coaching businesses. Like it does a lot. However, it's really hard. Like it's like pretty hard because you have to have a high valued skill. So content marketing, sales, fitness. I've seen people do like day trading courses, crypto courses. If if that's your thing,
[9:12 | t=552] I'm not saying like to do that though. If you are interested in the game of like entrepreneurship, you have to think about it like entrepreneurship. It's in every other skill set. You just have to learn this. But in terms of this business, you now have to learn sales. You now have to learn marketing. You have to learn product. You have to learn coaching. You have to learn hiring. If you are interested in learning that skill set and you actually like want to become an entrepreneur in that way, I would say it's actually worth the skill set to learn. But if not, I don't think like just to make money, it's like the
[9:42 | t=582] best method to start because you need the prior experience. It takes a lot more like experience as well and like stacked learning. Okay? So, I'm not going to recommend it to everybody cuz I genuinely don't think like I'm going to tell everybody, yo, everybody should start this like coaching business, bro. Like, it's going to be a lot harder to generate sales if you have nothing to sell yet. Okay? So, I'm going to I'm just going to put that in the back of your mind. But, that being said, I still think like it's so much better and more predictable than the creativity program. So, for that, I'm going to give it like
[10:12 | t=612] a solid 6 out of 10. I think it's great. The only caveat is that it's like genuinely really hard for beginners. And trust me, like I've tried coaching people and starting coaching businesses. And maybe it's like a six or a seven. Maybe it's like a six or a seven out of 10 difficulty, you know, or or rating. It's like pretty good. I wouldn't say it's that bad, honestly. It's like pretty good, right? But it's just like, you know, next up, and this is one that we've been talking about for a while. Also, this is
[10:43 | t=643] an example of a a creator in our in our community though who literally he has under 10k followers. He's been growing really fast. Um, but yeah, in the in the first month of him like launching this new digital product, he's made around 4K. So, I will say like there are he's in the music niche, by the way. He literally sells a music course. Jojo, shout out Jojo if you're watching this. There are also a lot of beginners who do this other method known as UGC. Now, this one I would say is probably like the best for beginners. UGC is known as usergenerated content. In like simple
[11:13 | t=673] terms, it literally just means you're getting paid by companies to make videos for them. So, let's say, for example, we have a company uh we have Coca-Cola, right? Let's just draw the Coca-Cola logo here. Yo, Loki, that was kind of gas. So, let's say Coca-Cola is looking to make videos for ads. They they need videos for ads. They need videos for just their organic socials, right? Their Instagram page. So, they also need Instagram videos and maybe they want to put some videos onto their Tik Tok. Now,
[11:43 | t=703] how do you think they're going to get these videos? Coca-Cola, who probably, mind you, spends like multiple millions of dollars if not billions a year on marketing. I just want you I I want you to keep that in mind because the biggest companies have massive massive marketing budgets. Okay? So, keep that in mind. A company like Coca-Cola, how much do you think they're going to pay creators for making videos for them? It's probably like an insane amount for an absolute beginner. As long as you know how to make videos and you know how to like decently pitch yourself too if the brands like need to be pitched to,
[12:13 | t=733] you can get paid by like big companies to make videos like this for them. So all you really have to do is find an opportunity in UGC and then literally make the videos for them. So it's like one, it's like find the opportunity. This is like a hour like a magnifying glass. Just pretend this means search. But then part two, you just have to make a video like that. All you have to do is like be good at making videos. So then they don't like feel like, "Ah, I'm never going to pay this dude again." And certain UGC programs, the way they work, right, for certain companies, like this
[12:43 | t=763] is Coca-Cola. Another company that uh the company that Andrew, for example, ran up UGC with was this company named uh Cle. Yo, Loki, I kind of nailed their logo. But basically, Cle did the same exact thing. They basically wanted videos for Instagram and they also wanted videos for Tik Tok. And what they did basically is they just hired like I don't know like 20 creators and they were just like yo we'll pay you 35 bucks a video and if you get a million views we'll pay you like an extra 1k if you get a million views. That is a so much
[13:14 | t=794] better opportunity than like any of these. And you might think that's hard but also a lot of these UGC programs what's great about them like at this point I'm just blazing right? But a lot of these UGC programs also like they'll train you. They'll they will literally help you out. So I actually think like that being said, UGC is one of these like golden opportunities if you are a beginner to learn to earn still while you are learning and also start with no barrier to entry. And the best part is it requires you to literally have no followers going in. There are literal like programs that hire creators even if
[13:44 | t=824] they have zero followers. And this connects back to my initial hypothesis which is just that follower count no longer matters. What's most important now is skills. It's not gimmicks. It's not nepatism or or like relying on previous fame. You actually have to be good at content. Okay? You actually have to learn how to make good content and learn the skill of making high converting viral content. That is the main skill that you need to learn instead of thinking about these like gimmicks about like steal this viral hook and like use this posting time and
[14:14 | t=854] hashtag. If you actually learn the science of social media, right, and how to make decent videos, you can actually start making money very quickly. And there is no barrier to entry that literally numerically requires you to to have like a ton of followers going in. Every opportunity that I'm describing here requires you to have a lot of followers or at least some baseline skill. UC is one of those things that is low skill to start and zero barrier to entry. Month 1 to3 earning potential is not going to be insanely exponential, but I genuinely do think it's pretty
[14:45 | t=885] predictable. If you actually put in good effort, you can make your first dollar with UGC on month one. It's just going to take a lot of learning because once again it's a skill set. So I'm not going to promise you that on month one you're just going to make like 10k a month. Like Andrew is actually very good at content and that's that's the thing like these videos were actually very wellm made. People think that you need to become a famous influencer in order to make money from social media and that's not true. So the barrier to entry genuinely can be just like having no followers. That's okay as long as you can show that you have the skill set. So it's still helpful to practice, right?
[15:15 | t=915] You still want to practice making content. I'm going to draw a P here for the practice. You want to practice making content. My best recommendation if you want to simply start today. If you want to start UGC today, go out and start making videos on your personal brand. Just start making videos talking because all these UGC companies want talking creators because that's what exudes the most trust and that's what converts the best. But you can start scaling up to like bigger numbers because you can not only do you can you actually just make money from like high
[15:45 | t=945] performance bonuses, but you can also charge uh like more than just 35 bucks a video too for certain brands. Now, you might not be guaranteed like 30 videos in a month, but I've seen people charge up to like 500 bucks for a single video. And the cool thing is you don't need to have an existing follower account once again because you're not posting it onto your page. You're posting it onto a different page for the company. And then the skills that you actually want to learn is simply UGC style content creation. And you actually don't even really need to learn viral content like
[16:17 | t=977] that hard. You just need to learn decently how to make viral hooks. Okay? And that's really the basis and the gist of doing UGC. You still want to have good lighting as well. You want to do like uh decent scripting, very clear wording, good pacing, and good editing. But other than that, it's a lot less of a barrier to entry. So, if the previous one had a 67, I'm g have to give UDC like a solid eight, bro. And to even test this thesis, too. Um, I tried UDC
[16:47 | t=1007] for a week. Uh, and I got qualified literally in one week of trying it on a new account, uh, my friend Prosper as well, who's also a coaching content academy. He tried it for a week and he literally made $1,000, I believe, in like the first 10 days of doing UGC because he had a video hit 1.8 million views. So, he literally got paid for this video, I believe, like 1,500 bucks or like 1,200 bucks, and then obviously like 35 bucks per all of these videos as well, right? But literally, like it's just copying this format, copying a
[17:18 | t=1038] format, and then just trying it out multiple times, iterating it on it 1%, all of these very basic things of content creation. And once you do that, you can actually apply to these programs and then just learn while you're triing in one of those programs. Now, you do need to have access to those programs, right? And like I would say like genuinely Content Academy does have a great opportunities list where we're pretty much connected with like all of the big brands now doing UGC programs. So, if you are looking to join like a UGC program and
[17:48 | t=1068] also learn, I would highly recommend Content Academy. Now, lastly, brand deals. Brand deals is a tricky one. So, most people kind of know what brand deals are. Brand deals are basically when a when Coca-Cola, right, they're not just paying for you to make the video, but they're make they're paying for you to make the video and then post it onto your page. They're they ask you to post it onto your account. So, I've done like two brand deals in the past year, very transparently. Recent brand deal, I got paid $14,000
[18:18 | t=1098] and there were a couple other stipulations, but I got paid 14 $14,000 for like one video plus one collab post and it was this one. And then a previous video, brand deal. I got paid $6,000 for one single video. But that being said, like you also have to have a follower account to attract brand deals. So once again, this is one of those like extras that you can do, but don't rely on it to be the only thing unless you are like genuinely excellent at negotiating brand deals. Cuz if not, I wouldn't say this is the most predictable source of income. Literally, with brand deals, I I got one brand deal this year and one
[18:49 | t=1129] brand deal last year. That's it. That's it. And I I'm not optimizing for it. like I don't have my email in my bio, which you should if you're looking for brand deals and UGC opportunities to come to you, but it's a nice supplemental income for so for that reason, I would give it a five out of 10 because I know a lot of creators too who do a lot of brand deals, but even then they'll get maybe like like at the very minimum like only one a month that they'll even sign with, maybe even zero in some months. So, they just won't make any money from brand deals from that month. And that being said, I genuinely think in order to even attract a brand
[19:20 | t=1160] deal, you need around 10K followers. And if you don't have 10k followers, realistically, a brand's not going to pay for your reach. They're going to probably pay for UGC more so, but then at that point, you didn't really need the 10K followers. You could have just done UGC. So 10K followers is like the minimum bar that you probably need to even start doing brand deals. One brand deal when you're at 10K followers might give you like 500 bucks, right? And then once you're at like maybe to get a 2K brand deal, I think you probably should be around like 25 to 50K followers, right? So to get 2K you probably need like 50k followers on Instagram and Tik
[19:51 | t=1191] Tok. Instagram or Tik Tok rather, right? Because each brand deal or each platform will be specific to a different brand deal price. But if you want to get like an 8K brand deal, dude, you need to be at like 100K. Now the good thing is once again like talking about the barrier to entry, follower count doesn't really matter as much because brands are realizing that the social media algorithms are simply optimized to push out good videos, not just people with high follower counts. skills genuinely matter so much more now because if you can learn how to make a viral video tomorrow or even a video that hits like
[20:22 | t=1222] 100K, that's so much that's worth so much more than having even 100,000 followers at times or even like 10,000 followers. Like that's genuinely better than let's say having just like a 10K follower thing because like brands are now smarter and they're smart enough to the point where they're like, "Okay, this person who gets 10,000 who has 10,000 followers but gets like literally like 2K views on a video. That's literally worth nothing. That's That's poop, bro. Why would you pay like a person who has 10K followers $1,000 just to get 2K views when you can pay a UGC
[20:53 | t=1253] creator to get 2K views? 35 bucks. Like, don't you see from the brand side, it's so much better to pay for UGC creators who have the hunger and these skills. Now, you could try on your own and say stuff for years, right? And this is why I built content academy. I' I've mentioned it earlier. I mentioned some of the students who have gone through it, but you can try on your own and stay stuck for years. And that was me. That was literally me. And that's why I made content academy. It's to learn from other experienced
[21:23 | t=1283] content creators so you can 5x the speed of learning. And I have a bunch of examples here of people who learned in content academy and grew so much quicker. So first off, we have Rajan who joined. He was like going to hit 10K followers around December of 2024. And if you guys have seen his content, that was 8 months ago. 6 months later, this was 2 months ago, he hit 200,000 followers. And then today, he's at 374. Bro, it was about to pass me in follower count, bro. And I'm not like going to take credit for his own learning. He put a lot of effort in. Once again, all of
[21:53 | t=1313] these people that I'm about to show you put a lot of effort in. But like learning from other experienced creators and going out of your way to actually surround yourself in a community of people who are also focused on learning is one of the most powerful things you can do. And if you don't have a network yet, right, one of the best things you can do is just go out and proactively look for one because it's a lot easier if you have like 200k followers. People are going to reach out to you. But if you don't have that yet, one of the best things you can do is join a community so you can you can jumpst start that process and you can also learn from
[22:23 | t=1343] people who have more experience, right? Another example is Thomas. I remember when he joined, he was at 500 followers, right? This was back in August of last year. And after 77 days of posting, he went from 500 followers to 10K. And then 7 months later, this was in March, he launched his coaching business. He made $42,000 in what is that like 8 days? 7 days. Okay. And that's only because he was able to expedite the process of growing from 500 followers to 10K. And then lastly, Andrew. I I saw his like
[22:53 | t=1373] intro post, right? I remember when he sent this. He was uh he's at 5K followers. He's just a college student. I mean, Andrew is still a college student. This was, bro, this was like May 2025. It was only like 3 months ago and it's crazy the come up he's had but he was talking about just like judgment and fear when creating content was the biggest thing he was dealing with like remembering his why and focusing on the bigger picture and he was literally just like yo let me just try a UGC opportunity right so last minute he just hopped on a like call for UC opportunity
[23:23 | t=1403] that he applied through like our opportunities channel in uh in content academy let me find it so this opportunities channel it's it's only for the content Content Academy members because we don't want to send these opportunities just to like any any beginner, right? So, it's for it's generally for people who are in content academy and want to start, right? But he applied to this one, right? This Cluey opportunity. And basically what happened then was like he just took off and he he grinded that [ __ ] bro. Like I I'm not going to take like any credit for him
[23:54 | t=1434] learning the skill set. I'll just say like he found the opportunity from the Discord server. I know he was active before and he was actively learning in the community. Um, and and that's just like the most important thing is like if you join a community, please be active. Like if you're going to join Content Academy today, like please be active, you know, please interact with the other members genuinely so you can learn quicker because anybody who joins a community but doesn't interact and kind of just like lurks. You're not going to actively learn and like get the improvement, get the feedback that you want from other people. Okay? And then
[24:25 | t=1465] that led to him making 4K a month without bonuses, right? But that was early, right? That was early in the month. 30 days later, literally 30 days later, right? The 28th and the 21st, he hit his first 10K month ever through UGC. But yeah, seeing stories like this, it's like, holy [ __ ] Genuinely, like this is the power of just learning from people who are experienced from you and then applying this opportunity and working hard. Like these are some of the hardest working people in our community. Some of the most consistent people in our community. And that's why like Thomas
[24:55 | t=1495] did 77 days of consistently posting. And you'll see if you look at our wins channel, I believe anybody in the uh content academy server can look at the wins channel, you can see you can tell like who the people are who are genuinely super dialed in because not only are they going to be posting their wins, but they're also going to be just actively chatting. You're probably wondering now what is actually inside Content Academy. And I'll just do a quick outline. If you do want to join and you have any more questions, just go click the upgrade button and you can simply book a call. Uh if you're on the
[25:25 | t=1525] fence and you're not sure, you can just book a call. You can apply. Even if you're not even a good fit, we won't even take you, right? But if you're interested, just apply and then we'll see if you're a good fit, okay? And then we'll have somebody hop on a call, one of our team members, Allan, and he can just answer any questions for you. But basically, here's what's inside. We have four weekly live content coaching calls. This is from me. This is from another content coach, Sam. He's also a coach in another UGC program as well for this company called TurboLearn. So, he's like very experienced in teaching how to do good UGC. And then we also have Prosper,
[25:56 | t=1556] who's bigger on Instagram, but he has 64,000 followers on Tik Tok, and he grew from like 3K to 370K followers on uh Instagram as well. And they hop on live coaching calls once a week for an hour to answer any of your questions live. And I also do one. And then also, we have another coach, Gabe, who makes 100K a month with an agency. So, if you are interested in the monetization side, he can answer any of those questions. We also have all the premium channels in the content academy discord. So right now you might only see the start here and the free channels.
[26:27 | t=1587] But basically what you'll unlock is first off you might have used hooker AI. You can get unlimited usages of it. You also get access to the general chat. You'll actually be able to like type in the wins chat. We have this cool game going on called the content games where basically uh if you post daily, everybody will split the money based on how many people are remaining at the end of uh 21 days. So right now we have 22 people surviving with 80 bucks each. And then we also have 247 one-to-one support from our creator success manager, Justin. And then lastly, we send a weekly trends email breaking down the
[26:57 | t=1617] most recent viral creators and sounds and also opportunities sent straight to your inbox like UGC opportunities. If you do want to join and upgrade, just simply go into our Discord channel and you can just simply click upgrade and then you can just apply to join. So, we only take people who are actually qualified. And the program itself is 997 bucks for the entire year.
[27:27 | t=1647] And programs like this generally go for like four or 5K. Like I've seen so many personal branding programs go for so much more. I wanted to make this to introduce the idea of monetization to you if you're a complete beginner to social media. And I want you to know like the barrier to entry is not that high because I started social media, you know, I had an account with 100K followers. It was a mostly a meme account, but bro, I made 40 bucks. And if these kind of opportunities were around when I first started and I was 16 years old, bro, I would have eaten that [ __ ] up, bro. I would have grinded so hard for that. And even then, like, bro,
[27:58 | t=1678] talking about how Andrew made like 12K in a month, bro. I made 12K in a year, bro. Are you kidding me? These opportunities now are so insane. Yeah. If you are interested in learning about these things, like please go after and like actually seek out the knowledge, seek out the learning that you can do about UGC, about any of these business models really and then just start start posting. Like if there's one piece of advice that everything links back to to finish off this free class, right? It's literally start start posting today. Okay? If there's one piece of advice that I can give you, it's
[28:28 | t=1708] literally just to start posting today.
