# s042  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smnjliA7mZk)

[0:00 | t=0] Here is how to use AI to make your reals and Tik Toks impossible to skip. Now, in the past two years, I've posted over 500 times. I actually started posting daily while I was in college while simultaneously starting an online business. All to say, I was really, really busy. But the centerpiece of all of this growth came from simply posting daily on Instagram and Tik Tok. Now, I'm going to explain to you what worked in order to actually make this growth possible using AI and what didn't work when I was actually trying to use AI to grow my personal brand and to make content that actually went viral. So,
[0:30 | t=30] first off with what worked, I like to call it AI augmented content. Fancy speak for basically just saying AI assisted viral hook creation. I actually use this method to make videos like this. I got 800,000 views, 200,000, 700K, 2.5 mil, 3.2 mil. But what didn't work was this concept I like to simply call like one button automation. And you'll see a lot of these videos online from people promising you that they have this secret automation, this crazy complex automation that somehow basically allows you to press one button and with a chain of like this nadn or
[1:02 | t=62] make.com automation, you'll end up getting a million views. Like basically this concept that they'll sell you on because it's so attractive to think that you can just press one button and then it'll make you a viral video, right? where it'll scrape the internet, script a video using AI, use some AI agent to make some AI video with AI bureau, AI AI captions that'll get you a million views. Except the one problem is that all this is actually possible. You can automate a lot of the content creation process, except it's actually not going to get views. It's probably end going to end up getting some shitty 300 views, which makes you feel productive, but in
[1:33 | t=93] reality, it's not going to help you build an actual following, and it's not going to help you get better views. And more most importantly, it's not going to help you actually build your business either or build your online income with content creation. Okay, so let me tell you why this doesn't work real quick just so you really understand how the entirety of actually like making AI to make your content will actually work and how to not go about it. Okay. So, in order to understand how to use AI effectively to make viral hooks and viral videos that will actually blow up your personal brand, you have to understand why from a psychological
[2:04 | t=124] perspective content actually even goes viral to begin with on Instagram and Tik Tok. Okay? And it's very very simple. The content that actually goes viral on these platforms is content that gets high watch time. In order for a video to get high watch time at the very very basic first principles level, humans just inherently need to watch things that give them authentic value. You are not going to watch this video unless I'm consistently giving you actual information that's going to help you, right? And I have if I haven't proven to you that I can actually help you. AI often times just cannot do this. You cannot automate authentic value. And the
[2:34 | t=154] reason why is because AI is just trained off of what data it's already accessible. And let's say if you ask GPT to script an entire video for you, inevitably it's just going to spew out slop because it's only utilizing the data that it's trained off of. And it's just not going to produce quality content that's actually real, that represents your lived experience, your true story, your authentic personality. All of these things are what we actually watch content for. Because when's the last time you actually watch something that you could tell was some uncreative slop, right? You might see AI video on your feed popping up, but inevitably
[3:05 | t=185] it's prompted by an actual human being. And the reason why you're probably even watching that AI produced content is because it feels original and it feels like a very unique use case of the AI technology. inevitably a human needs to actually come up with this authentic value. So what can you actually use AI then for in your content? Because if you can't automate the entire process, what's the use of AI? To that I say automate the part that is actually easy and possible to automate. And the part that's super automatable in my opinion is simply hooks. It's the first 3 to 5 seconds of your videos on Instagram and
[3:36 | t=216] Tik Tok. I think that's the part that can be the most automated, right? Because a lot of times the hooks that work on Tik Tok and Instagram are simply rehashed versions of what already worked online. So you can essentially use AI to speed up this process and to augment it to give you a lot more creative ideas more quickly and then help you come up with the ideas that are actually like the most proven for virality and then help you do it in seconds rather than taking like a ton of time. So yes, the one button automation doesn't work, but when you use AI to help you create viral
[4:07 | t=247] content by assisting you and augmenting this process, that's when you can actually consistently come up with viral content, save you like a good 30 minutes to an hour every single time you make your video, which helps you actually create consistently, which then helps you grow your personal brand. So this is what helped me grow my following and also consistently pump out content. It's this AI augmented content strategy. And very specifically, it's a custom tool that I built and that I'm going to give you by the end of this video access for completely free. And it's something I like to call Hooker AI. And it's a
[4:37 | t=277] Discord bot that I put inside my Discord server. And it helps you speed up the process, but it doesn't do it fully for you. And even amongst the people and community members that I see who actually use Hooker AI, the ones who actually succeed are the ones who do two things properly. One is they still have their element of human input when they're actually making the videos. So instead of just simply okay AI do the entire work for me and I'm just going to screw off and I'm just going to like you know pick my nose and two they actually have a semblance of understanding what content actually goes viral. So I'm
[5:07 | t=307] going to teach you how to utilize this tool and then how to gain a sense of both. Okay, so first off what is Hooker AI? How does this work? It's a three-step Discord bot. All you have to do is in the Discord bot type/hook and then paste your full video script. So, you do need to have a full video script written out. And then it's going to give you five viral hooks based on proven templates and using the best model possible, which is Claude for Sonnet. There's no other model that's best at actually doing natural human writing. Okay. So, it's a custom bot that's
[5:37 | t=337] trained off of hundreds of handpooked hooks that I've personally scraped off of Tik Tok across multiple different niches. not just like my own niche which is content growth and personal development but also other hooks in other niches like personal uh like personal finance, vlogging, lifestyle, makeup, beauty, uh fitness, all these different niches. I've basically trained this AI to know exactly what hooks are like going viral across all these different niches and then pick you the best one that best fits your script. So,
[6:09 | t=369] the key is also that you need to have an actual script that you're feeding into this AI, right? And then it's going to help you pick out the details from that script that are the most applicable to this video. And then it's going to just simply rank them in order of least to most viral. And as proof that this actually worked, one of our uh Content Academy paid members, Richard, used Hooker AI and got his first viral video, right? This was literally like his first video ever that got even over I think like 10K views. It got 30K views, right? and he used the
[6:40 | t=400] Hooker bot and now it's actually on like 900,000 views and I believe like Richard's actually grown like a couple thousand followers from this video alone that Hooker helped package and write the hook for. Okay, so how it works like I told you it's Clawude for Sonnet. It's trained on hundreds of viral hooks and it needs a full script to write quote unquote authentic hooks. Because if you don't feed it like an actual script of your life story, of your actual talking points, of what you're actually going to cover in your video, then how is it going to write a hook that like
[7:11 | t=431] authentically represents your story and package your video in a way that actually makes sense, right? Because if I if I just tell like if I tell AI to write me a hook for a video about let's say like cars, it can it it'll try to pick apart all these different avenues of making a car hook, but at the end of the day, it's going to be very broad. It's going to be very vague, and human beings don't like watching content that's vague and broad anyways. So, you need to like feed in an actual script and it's going to help you package that
[7:41 | t=461] script to essentially maximize the amount of views because the difference between a bad hook and a really good hook on a video on Instagram and Tik Tok can literally be like 10x the views. Because if 80% of your viewers fall off in the first 3 seconds of your video, the algorithms will see that and be like, "Well, this video is not that good." But if like let's say only 50% of the viewers fall off in the first 3 seconds of that video, then the algorithms will be like, "Okay, people are clearly really interested in this video." And that's what AI will help you do. is going to help you package it. Okay. Now, before AI, right, basically
[8:13 | t=493] what you'd probably have to do if you're not using AI and you're not using Hook or AI is to write like 10 versions of your hook. If you actually want to go like viral, you need to sit down and rehash different versions of the hook that you think might do well. And this can be a very tedious process where you're just writing the hook and then writing another variation of it and then writing another variation of it, right? cuz I usually recommend writing like five to 10 variations of your hook in order to actually maximize the potential of it going viral because often times the first time we write a hook it's always going to be like not as good as the final product, right? And then you
[8:44 | t=524] have to pick the best one. So this process alone can take like 30 minutes. It can be very tedious and it has a lower chance of going viral if you aren't actually writing multiple versions of the hook. Okay? Okay, so it can make your content creation process literally take an extra 30, maybe even 60 minutes if you don't understand this process of hooks yet and what hooks actually go viral. Okay, but after AI, you can simply let AI write 10 versions of the hook, train on the most viral hooks already. So you don't have to go onto Tik Tok, onto Instagram, keep scrolling until you find hooks that
[9:15 | t=555] actually match your script. You can just let AI do that process for you and speed it up. And then all you have to do is pick the best one. Okay, pick the one then that actually is most concise, most accurately describes what your video is going to be about and then triggers the most emotion, right? It's essentially just like trying to do this intuitive process of what's going to be the most interesting. And that's what AI can help you augment and speed up. And that's why Hooker AI has been so effective for me, right, in my videos that I showed you that I actually used it on and for other
[9:45 | t=585] creators who are just starting out, right? It helped them understand packaging a lot quicker and then it helped them also create hooks that go more viral more quickly. Okay, so in order to actually get access to this, all you have to do is click the first link in the description and you can access it in our free Discord server, right? And then free members get up to three prompts every single day of like this is not cheap. Like it's literally cloud for it's also like one of the most expensive writing models, right? and it's trained on hundreds of viral hooks.
[10:15 | t=615] And um yeah, all you have to do is go to that first link in the description and access it in our free Discord server. Now, I do want to give you an like a quick warning. Like I said before, just because you understand how to use AI to actually make your hooks viral doesn't mean you can just suddenly snap your fingers and go viral. Obviously, and I think you understand this, too. So, if you actually are interested in building an actual audience, I highly recommend also learning the basics of making quality content that retains attention. So, I actually have this 7-day full course completely free on YouTube as well on how to start your personal brand by simply copying these six videos that
[10:48 | t=648] I've made and you can see like the videos themselves got like 200k views, 400k views, 70k views, right? Videos that have built the core of my personal brand and I giving away these six modules on how I script, film, and edit these completely for free. That's going to be in the second link in the description uh of this video. And yeah, that being said, right, just to summarize what we covered today, uh you can use Hooker AI to actually make your videos go viral by guaranteeing that you're actually going to come up with a hook that maximizes the viral potential of your video, right? We covered what
[11:19 | t=679] doesn't work, which is this kind of one button lazy automations that sells you on this dream that you can just press one button, you can go viral. And we broke down exactly why that doesn't work and why that's a complete misconception. and you're pretty much being sold on a lie if you're actually being convinced that this works. I'm sorry. Right? And then we covered what else you need outside of just AI to actually go viral. So hopefully this was very helpful. Right? Honestly, I was just really pissed off when I see a lot of these AI creators talk about how you can like automate your content process. And honestly, it's a bunch of slop. It's
[11:49 | t=709] honestly just made so it can hook your attention and get you to click, right? But it doesn't actually freaking work because I've tried it. I've grown over three accounts on TikTok to over 100,000 followers. So, please trust me when I say like I actually know what does well on these platforms and it it's not this like automated slop because it has no actual respect for like human psychology and the actual viewer who's watching this video, right? In order to make viral videos actually do well on Tik Tok and Instagram, you have to understand this communication that's going on right now between me and you as a viewer. Okay, so hopefully this was helpful. I'm
[12:19 | t=739] like so so passionate about like actually helping creators maximize their potential. If you are interested in that mission, you want to keep learning, I highly recommend you check out the other videos on my page. That being said, thank you guys for watching. I'll catch you guys in the next video.
