# s043  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcHLmfSeN00)

[0:00 | t=0] Last month, our business did 101K. This is basically the traffic breakdown that we had. The only social media sources that even were able to like become buyers to begin with were from my reals and from my YouTube. I'm pretty sure last month I probably did around 6 million views. And then on YouTube, whatever you add up these three is, we probably did around 50k views. Last month, we turned 6 million views on reals and 50k views on Instagram into 100k. I really want to break down the system that we did that. I honestly think this system is not that optimized,
[0:30 | t=30] but I want to break down the system anyways. Even if you guys are a beginner to online business, the way a funnel works for all of you guys beginners. Basically, there's three steps. The words that I'm going to use today are traffic, nurture, and product awareness. And then lastly, there's the uh the sale, which is like the last step, and that's when somebody buys. Most people when they think of internet marketing and like making money online, they usually think of these two. Oh, I need to get a lot of views and I need to get a lot of sales. it it's like very rudimentary understanding of it. Oh, as long as I get a lot of views, I can get
[1:02 | t=62] lots of money and sales. And the truth is just like very far from that. And I know this because I had an account on TikTok with over a 900,000 followers. And yes, it's a completely different audience from what I was selling. But when I first tried to launch like a course to them, bro, I got two sales. I made like 500 bucks from 900,000 followers on average a million views a video. So, I got a ton of traffic and zero sales. So, when I say like these steps matter, this is why certain creators can get way less views than others and still make way more sales. And that's what I'm very proud of in
[1:33 | t=93] this system. And I want to shout out to my team as well, my my sales team and Justin back in operations because they made this system possible. Okay, so I didn't do this alone. I do want to highlight for people who want to reach like 100k months. Yes, you can try to do it alone. It's just like significantly harder to do that way and I honestly just think it's less fun. Here are the two steps that nobody ever really talks about online unless you are an advanced like funnel person. But I'm going to explain it to you guys anyways for those you guys are advanced and who want to learn like what the [ __ ] even is a funnel. Okay, step two after you get traffic, after you get views is you need
[2:04 | t=124] a nurture sequence. This is when people say like give free value. The reason why they say give free value is because nobody's going to see your face and then be like, you know what, today's a really great day to pay this guy money. Like no. Okay, even if they see the product up front, like they need to somewhat become aware. And this process, mind you, it can happen pretty quickly. Somebody can go from not knowing who you are, seeing your face for the first time, and buying from you in like a day. That happens. That actually happens like very often. It doesn't matter how long it usually takes, but you need them
[2:35 | t=155] regardless. You You see those people who like make [ __ ] ton of money from their personal brands by selling something, it's usually because they have nurture. Like so big names like TJR, Santa Cruz medicinals, rescales, Iman Godzi, Horoszi, they all have these kind of systems in place to break down our nurture sequence. Basically, the the goal of nurture is to give value through your content. And the reason why is because you want to build trust. You can't just like dance your dance with the pants online and then suddenly like show wake up with like a million dollars. like you you they need to be
[3:05 | t=185] able to trust that you actually know you're talking about so they can associate the trust that they have to you and the value that you've provided them to the products that you can sell as well. So the nurture sequences that we have, one of them is this free class that I'm doing right now. Okay? And the way that I've structured these free classes, this is like getting kind of really super meta because you are literally like you are in the funnel. Like you are the method right now, bro. Low key. Okay? Even if you're watching this on YouTube, like you are part of the method. And I know that sounds like really [ __ ] meta and weird and like silly, but I want to explain actually like the the thought behind it. For any
[3:35 | t=215] of you guys who have like resistance towards actually like becoming online marketers or online business people, it's like wait that sounds like really weird and like I don't like like selling like I'll explain why that's probably some product of like a limiting belief in your mindset because that's a limiting belief I had to conquer. I used to hate the idea of selling online and I realized it was a peopleleasing tendency because when you actually have something worth selling, you do want to promote it. So, this is one of those things. It's a free class where I give value. Now, I'm not going to be like like at the end of this, you're going to be
[4:05 | t=245] subtly manipulated into buying. Like, I do want to note that everybody has the option to just like never progress from one step to the other. So, somebody who's watching the free class or somebody who's watching the YouTube video can just be like, actually, I just want to stay here. I just want to stay within the YouTube viewership. So, 46K of these people, maybe only like 200 of them even considered. let me actually like think about going the next step into his funnel. Other than that, they mostly just stay here and that's okay. Okay, that's fine. That's not like a big deal. But you still need these sequences
[4:36 | t=276] in place regardless. Next step after they see like one of my pieces of content is sometimes they'll see my Instagram story or they'll comment like yeah on one of my videos or comment viewer or comment class and then they will be directed towards either my free class or they will be directed towards this one page. Okay. Now, what this one website page is is called a landing page. And your goal as a internet marketer is basically to just to direct as much traffic as possible towards that
[5:06 | t=306] one thing that sort of transitions your viewer from a just a viewer to an actual buyer. And the difference between a viewer and a buyer, right? I'm going to draw two people here. Let's say like a viewer in red and then we have like buyer in green. Like what actually separates like A from B, the viewer versus the buyer? Realistically, it's that one middle step and it's called like product awareness. And the way that you build product awareness is through a few things. You can do it in a free class or you can do it in a website or you can do it in a video sales letter.
[5:36 | t=336] That's realistically like the three ways you should do it. There's like no other ways that you should make your viewers aware of your product. You could even do it in your YouTube video. Like some people make YouTube videos that introduce and make your viewers product aware. I don't think you should make your viewers product aware in your reals. I don't think that actually works that well. You could talk about how much of a product that you're selling, but realistically you're just going to sound salesy. For those of you guys who actually do make like Instagram reels, you you don't want to just like stay in Instagram reels and just try to sell always through your Instagram reels.
[6:06 | t=366] Like I I think that's like you need at least one middle step and that's usually a website or a landing page. Okay, so I'll show you guys my website and landing page. It's basically if you look in the description of this YouTube video, you can find it too. It's basically this and it's a very simple video. These are the four stages you will go through starting. It walks through some free value as well because you need some transitionary step. You can't just be like, "Hey, here's what happens when you buy content academy." Like that. That sounds really abrupt. You want to frame it like free value as well and then only introduce the product
[6:36 | t=396] as an extension to the free value. You need this transitionary step in the middle to introduce them and take them from free value into an actual like offer aare or product aare person. And at this point, that doesn't mean they're a buyer. that just means they're like capable of buying and then they can book a a call with one of our onboarding specialists uh to join content academy. So you guys can do this too, right? And basically all this website is supposed to do is introduce you to the idea of the offer and the product and
[7:07 | t=427] potentially book the customer into a call. And that's the whole goal of a marketing funnel is to basically take them from the viewer into a buyer. So, there's maybe going to be like 100x the amount of viewers or a,000x the amount of viewers or 10,000x the amount of viewers that you have versus buyers. That's just natural because not everybody wants to be a buyer of your thing, okay? Like eventually maybe they will be, but at the end of the day, like that's not what people go on social media to do. Like people don't go on social media with wallets in their hand
[7:37 | t=457] or card in their hand. They're just like scrolling to get free stuff and to get entertainment and to like learn something. Maybe that's why they go on social media. So the goal of the nurture is to just make them aware and plant the seed in their mind. That's what a lot of advertising is. Just planting the seed in somebody's mind that like, oh, this thing exists. So when I do have a painoint, I might buy it. Like think about Coca-Cola. You see their ads and their billboards all the time. Like they're not telling you, hey, purchase a Coca-Cola right now, fat [ __ ] Like no, they're not telling you to do that. They're just saying like, "Hey, a
[8:07 | t=487] Coca-Cola is nice and if you ever need a refreshing thing, like they're there." And that that's the goal. The goal is just to make them aware. And then lastly, you need an actual sale mechanism. After you have made them product aware, you need a sales mechanism. And the sale mechanism for us is a call. That's pretty much the only way that we sell. Now, we've closed a couple people over the DMs, but even now, like we're optimizing a lot for calls. And this is like the classic way of selling things, which is a sales call or a discovery call. And
[8:37 | t=517] that's where people actually go from like, oh, I'm interested in this thing to like, oh, I'm actually going to buy it. This is a this is quite advanced and I understand like the there's a lot of a lot of moving parts. But I want to make something very very clear, which is that I am not a big fan of on your website directly selling something simply because it's incredibly unlikely. Like the likelihood that somebody's going to buy something directly from a website, especially if it's above like $100, skyrockets down. It plummets downward. And the reason why is because like when
[9:08 | t=548] somebody watches a piece of content, it's a lot harder for them to just be like, "Oh, this piece of content was good." to like, "Let me purchase." There's a lot more steps. There's like one more step that needs to come in. And that's what closing is. That's what selling is. Okay? And the the goal of sales, the goal of like selling and closing is just to help somebody get over the edge. A good example of this, uh, a really good analogy of sales is not like, don't think of Jordan Belelffort, right, and Wolf of Wall Street. Think of like a server at a restaurant. They're simply helping the
[9:38 | t=578] person make a decision. So, if you are ever like finding yourself trying to do sales, always remember like your goal is not necessarily, yo, I'm going to hard sell them and I'm going to make sure the buyer [ __ ] buys or does. Like, don't think of it that way. That's probably going to put you in a hell of scarce mindset. What you probably want to do is just think about it like you're a server and you're helping them make a decision where you're just like, maybe I want this or maybe I don't want it. help me make a decision. And then the server kind of comes to it and and they're like, "Oh," or the waiter and they're
[10:08 | t=608] like, like the pasta is like pretty good, but I recommend for your situation, you sound like you want to like optimize for protein intake. Let's get you a steak today. And you're like, I bet. Thank you, bro. You know, so like that that's kind of what like the call is. Having a human there helps make the decision a lot easier. Okay. Okay. And a lot of times too, like especially with purchase something online, like we can have a lot of resistance and a lot of questions, which is very natural. And that's why a website probably can't answer those questions and develop that trust and rapport, but a actual
[10:38 | t=638] one-to-one call with a human being can. And that's the whole goal of directing people from your your page to a call. Now, I do want to note, you could actually just scrap all of this [ __ ] I know that sounds kind of crazy. You could just theoretically put a link in your bio that says like book a call. And I've seen people do this. So I do want to simplify this concept to you. Instead of thinking about it like holy [ __ ] how do I start, bro? How do I make all of this? Like think about it like what if you just told people to book a call from
[11:08 | t=668] your Instagram page and then they booked a call. That's level one. And that's fine. That's actually fine. That's fine. I don't want you to need to think about this in this complex way. The only reason why I have that complex mechanism is because we're driving a ton of views. And also because I've been running this business now for over a year. So like we have a bunch of things in place because we want to be able to like optimize it. Something I really want to note is slow motion is better than no motion. And if you want to get started with an online business, don't think about it like you need to build all 11 steps. You just need to build one, which is the ability
[11:39 | t=699] to sell something. The way you can either do that is yes, you can sell through a VSSL like I've done that too like literally just through a landing page. You just have your website and then it directly has the purchase link. That happens. You don't need that either. You can just do like a directly to a call and that'll teach you about the psychology of sales where you're going to talk you're going to hop on a call with somebody and then they're going to be like like let's say you're selling a you know sell say you're selling something like really specific like a software an AI agent that helps business owners. You're like oh shoot I want to hop on a call and talk to this business owner. You're going to help
[12:10 | t=730] it's that's going to help you understand what does a buyer go through? what does like this business owner actually want in their life as opposed to guessing and just throwing spaghetti onto a website and hoping that the writing on the wall works? You can talk to them. You can ask them a lot of questions. The goal of a sales call is to ask a ton of questions and learn about the person. So, you can actually deliver like a product that actually helps them specifically. That's the whole benefit of having that call there. And yeah, like if you do want to book a call and learn about Content Academy, which is our like program to
[12:41 | t=761] learn content creation, and then start making that into like an income for you, you can book a call in that first link in the description down below. But anyways, I know there's like probably a lot of questions here, and there's two main questions that I want to answer. This next part is directed specifically for the people who are kind of on the fence of like, uh, like I don't really know about selling something online. First question is like, bro, isn't this kind of scammy and manipulative? Isn't selling like this this entire like manipulative process of like taking them from a viewer to the dollar in your pocket kind of manipulative and scammy?
[13:11 | t=791] And I had that limiting belief too when I like let's take like 10 steps backwards when I was first starting online business. I had this limiting belief of like bro I don't want to be one of those scammers online basically scams people to make money from them. I saw all these people online, right, who made a shitload of money, but I was like, damn, bro. I I don't want to be perceived as like a guru. And I think that's a very common common thing that I hear. To quell any objections, I do want to say learning business has absolutely [ __ ] changed my life. With our business, I've been able to throw events
[13:42 | t=822] in person for up to like 60 70 people. I've been able to meet such brilliant people like some of the most cracked people I would never would have met as a bummy like high school college student. Most importantly, I think it's learned it's taught me a lot about selfmastery and leadership. All of these tangible skills and I think that's like the beauty of building your own online business even if you're not going to take it to the moon is it's going to teach you so much. That's what benefit it's provided me. But if you're on the fence because you like have this
[14:12 | t=852] aversion to selling, you don't want to seem scammy. It's only a scam if you sell a shitty scammy product that doesn't work and you don't care to fix it. Because the thing is a lot of times when we first launch a product online, it's going to be like mid. It's like literally going to be kind of mid and you're going to be like, "Damn, like this ain't no 10 out of 10." Like, bro, I ain't selling Google and Amazon out here. I'm not selling like an iPhone. I'm selling like a Samsung. I'm selling a an OPPO phone, whatever [ __ ] Android like shitty phones there are. Like I'm selling a BlackBerry in 2025
[14:42 | t=882] when there's already iPhones out there. And I do want to say like one, it's going to teach you a lot more just to like learn these skills anyways. So don't view it as like you have to be perfect on day one. That's not how anything in life works. And two, you only become a scammer if you make something shitty and you don't care about fixing it. And if you even have this concern, that means you your head is on the right place. That means that you have what it takes to actually build a beautiful product. And it just takes time. But don't let that fear and imposter syndrome stop you from trying to build something that actually helps people and making that an actual income.
[15:13 | t=913] That's what a business is. And I want you to understand that like this is one of the like most beautiful things that and most beautiful blessings that I've ever had in my life is to embark on this journey of trying to become a business owner. There's a lot of imposttor syndrome that you're going to face. There's a lot of holy [ __ ] am I a bad person? Am I just a money grabber? And you only become that way if you actually don't put in the work to like become better at it. 1% better every single day just like any skill in life like the gym like content creation like social media and if you check our wins channel too in our discord where you can see like all
[15:44 | t=944] the people who are winning every single day and I do want to note as cool and as like OP as content academy as a product seems today it was not that case when we first started it like it was a kind of meh product like our churn was 40% which basically means 40% of people didn't like our product so much that they left after 1 month okay now it's at 8% so we we've worked a lot on making the product better Now, obviously, we get literally wins every single day. It's only a scam if it doesn't work. Okay? And I do want to emphasize like put in the work to improve because it's hard. It's not easy
[16:14 | t=974] to build a like a really good product, but it's really rewarding over the long term because I don't think there's any more rewarding of a feeling when I know I can do something that helps a lot of people that I get inherent fulfillment from doing because I like building things, which I'm going to assume a lot of you watching are. you you find inherent joy from building things, making content, making videos and also I guarantee you're going to feel that same fulfillment from building a system that continuously helps people and you get paid for it and you can make it scale even more and you can even build
[16:44 | t=1004] careers for other people inside a business. I know it's hard but it's beautiful and I think that's what like the essence of being a creator and a creative is is to like make things that help people and then like do it at larger scales. I know like there's obviously like shitty business people out there but like you don't have to be one of them. I I want at least content academy to be an example that you can do it like the right way. That's one of like the missions that I have personally. Content academy is like I want to build like an actual good product. I I like I want us to be like a pillar in the space of like information and coaching and uh communities that's like, oh [ __ ] they're actually good. Like you can actually build like really
[17:14 | t=1034] cool [ __ ] and then maybe other entrepreneurs can see that and be like, you know what, [ __ ] it. Like I want to do something like that and I want to make something that helps people. I think that's what being a creator is. And I think the same with being an entrepreneur. Okay. Second one is I don't want to be labeled as a course seller. So I hear this one often, right? And like I I will I will not lie like being a course seller specifically. It's like one type of business. You can apply marketing funnels to like every single other one. But it's just because like content academy is like 50% a course. So a lot of people can see that and be like man are you a core seller bro? Man you [ __ ] scammer bro. And to that I say the method that I'm kind of
[17:44 | t=1064] teaching you today is what I like to call the ninja funnel. And the ninjafunnel I'm not talking about Fortnite. Ninjael basically means like you can basically present yourself as a guy who just gives out free stuff on the front of your marketing which is just like your your social media. On social media you can present yourself as a person who just gives out free stuff. And then only if if they become product aware and they become interested which happens later down the funnel to most viewers on social media. They're not going to perceive you as somebody who's directly selling something because your
[18:14 | t=1094] website's not going to directly sell something because there's no link to pay on the website. There's no link to pay on your like Instagram story. The only link to pay happens once they hop on like a call and that helps you like evade this perception of like bro is just making content to sell stuff. I'm not going to lie, it is a mere perception game, right? It's like it's kind of just an optics thing where like people see that you're selling something and they just like inherently have less trust. That's just normal. And I think it's because like a lot of people on the internet sell like kind of garbage products and it's like normal. That's like part of the game design, right? is
[18:44 | t=1124] like this human psychology of if you present yourself as a seller, people are just going to be less averse to trusting you. So the ninja funnel, which I've kind of walked through with you guys here, instead of labeling yourself outright, hey, I'm selling the course, I'm selling the course, just give out free stuff on the front end. And that's what makes a this a little bit more complex is because everything in this section is free. Everything in the nurture sequence is free. And that's the whole goal. And that's what can make it so your your social media can still continue to grow.
[19:14 | t=1154] Your following and your trust can still continue to grow. Your YouTube audience can still continue to grow. Your reputation will continue to grow. And you can still have buyers because it's still behind the scenes. And it's that's what the beauty of like a Ninja is. A Ninja is a funnel that that hides in plain sight. And still it's like you guys are still here watching. It's because I'm giving free value. Like in no way do I feel even weird about this. at no point and I'm like my [ __ ] Like no, it's just like free. It's it's like actually free. And
[19:44 | t=1184] I think that's like the the best version of like a ninja funnel is like actually free value. So to like to non- buyers, which is like 80% of the people who watch your stuff anyways, they are just going to see you giving out free stuff and they're not going to feel weird about it. Just like pretty much like every good business out there. Let's think of any good like service that you guys use that you guys like actually enjoy using like YouTube. We are literally on YouTube and Discord right now. 90s something% of people who use both YouTube and Discord are never going to pay for their like free premium subscription. Do does that make us like feel ew and icked out by YouTube and
[20:14 | t=1214] Discord? No. We're just like, "Yo, thanks YouTube. Thanks Discord for giving out free stuff because they're not looking to scare away the people who could potentially eventually become buyers. They're just letting them in anyways into the ecosystem." And then eventually they could like behind the scenes maybe once you like get tired as [ __ ] of like YouTube ads and you're like fine I'll buy YouTube premium or once you actually need to like launch a really cool Discord server then you can be like fine I'll buy Discord Nitro but you're not thinking about that consciously as you use the platforms because it's just free. So that's the whole goal of a Ninjael and I actually think like the the best companies in the
[20:45 | t=1245] world use Ninjaels like YouTube right? Uh what what are some other like platforms like Instagram even right Instagram like they have metaverified right which costs like 15 to like 200 bucks a month but like 90% of user base is never going to see that YouTube is a great example okay where it's premium right clash of clients clash royale okay there we go good good brain rod examples here but yeah only pitch your product to the most invested people and the beauty is that if they want to there's this big thing of optionality where if you want the thing then you can buy it but you
[21:15 | t=1275] don't have to and if a buyer and reviewer feels like they're being forced while watching you to buy your thing, it's just going to feel really weird all around. The next logical question that I want to answer for you guys is how do you start? Okay, how do I actually start this online business journey? Because it's like sounds really interesting in theory, but how do I go from like current version of me? I'm just like watching. I'm just like what like what is going on here, man? Like you know, like I'm kind of like picking my nose. I'm not saying you guys are, but maybe one of you guys or one or two of you guys are just kind of like watching picking your nose being me like what like how do I start? I'm here talking about 100k a month coaching business,
[21:46 | t=1306] but a good two years ago, I like pretty much never sold anything online before. Like four years ago, I was like dead ass, like a bummy like college student who just like didn't really know what I was going to do with my life. A lot can change very quickly. I have broken down my own journey into six stages to a 100k a month coaching business. Now, I've condensed this down to six stages, but like you got to understand this stage one might also take you like a good like year or two. Skill portion is part one to building a coaching business. Basically, you don't need a skill if you
[22:16 | t=1336] have a different style of business, but if you want to do a coaching business, you need a skill that you can coach other people. The step one that I had to go through was like I had to build a skill. And that took me like a good like 2 years of learning Tik Tok. I had to learn how to go viral. So, like I literally ran up these accounts on Tik Tok before I even considered like ever selling like an actual like coaching program to teach how to do content creation because I ran up all of these accounts. I made like a a couple thousand dollars doing brand deals for businesses and that's how I like learned the skill of content creation.
[22:46 | t=1366] That's why I teach content creation because I spent a lot of time learning it. So number one is like build a skill and I know that's like really weird like bro aren't we here for business and social media advice like yeah part of running a business and part of being on social media is like you know low-key being like a developed human being. Wa shocker like yes build skills learn to be articulate uh learn to do things. Some of these things can be like go do like sales, like go knock doors, right? If you want to learn sales as a skill, go knock doors. If you want to learn content creation, post a 100 videos. If you want to become a fitness coach, go lift weights 100 days in a row. Like
[23:16 | t=1396] learn a skill. And like it doesn't have to be a really complex skill. Like I would say that's number one. But once you have a somewhat developed skill and you can consider yourself a decent level of like expertise in that skill. The best coaching business is like the least amount of friction you'll have is when you're an actual expert. But let's say you're like pretty expert already. Then next step is to develop your content skill set. And you can do this in tandem with like building your skill set as well. You really want to build the skill of content creation because I don't think this like coaching business model really works unless you can actually like make content and do it well. The the main goal that I have for you is
[23:47 | t=1427] build your content level one. Like that your content skill set level one. If you can do that, that's going to make this entire thing possible. That's going to make all sorts of businesses possible when you just learn the basics of content creation. And I see that as just getting your first thousand followers. thousand organic just means like you got your view you got your followers from like videos that you posted not like bought you bought them or something like I'm talking about like your first thousand true fans your real followers and the way that you can actually do this is by building up your basic content strategy and your basic content skills. So the basic content skills that I highly suggest you learn if you want
[24:17 | t=1457] to get into this online business thing and this like online marketing thing is to learn editing. It's to learn scripting. It's to learn hooks. And that's when you can actually learn the basic content strategy. And an example of a basic content strategy that I was giving one of my clients. If you're teaching sales, a basic content strategy can be like showing videos of you taking sales calls. Uh sales call tips and then showcasing lifestyle videos. That's like a very basic content strategy. But the main thing is you need to learn editing, right? You need to master scripting. You need to master hooks. And that sounds really stupid. Like wait, what? Bro, what? I'm not going to edit, bro. I'm trying to be a business owner, bro.
[24:47 | t=1487] That's low leverage, bro. Shut the [ __ ] up. Shut shut the [ __ ] up, bro. You you like you have zero understanding of marketing. like learn learn how to edit at least like to a basic degree and then we can talk about more advanced [ __ ] cuz I I don't know I I meet a lot of business owners and they're kind of like yo how do I do this and it's like Mitch you skipped two three and four and you're trying to get to five and six like shut up. So learn like the basics of content creation that's that's one of the most useful skills you can have in today's day and age. Whether you want to start an online business or you literally just want to like build your skill content creation because you can literally get there's certain opportunities out there that you can
[25:17 | t=1517] literally just get paid to make videos for other businesses and you get paid like a a shitload of money just to like learn the skill of content creation. It's it's so OP. Okay. And that's what Content Academy does. We like teach that before you actually look to even build your offer or aka your product/ business. In online business terms, we just call it an offer because it's an offer that you make to your viewers to buy something from you. You want to master like level one, two, and three of content creation, which I think is getting your first thousand followers. And in order to get your first thousand followers, you need to understand the basics of content content strategy, you
[25:48 | t=1548] need to learn the basics of editing, learn the basics of scripting, and learn the basics of hooks. And if you want to speedrun that, I'm going to tell you exactly how to do that in a bit. But after you have mastered the basics of content creation, which will take you probably a good like uh you can probably do it around 90 days. I I would say like the most like realistic timeline for people who've like done it quickly is around 90 days of like mastering content creation to uh hit their first like th000 to 10,000 followers takes around 90 days of like effort and I see that in our content academy members okay in our like paid program and once you even do
[26:18 | t=1578] that then you can start thinking about like offer like okay now what do I offer these people I've got a thousand people watching me what do I sell them what do I give them and that's when you can start thinking about your offer and I'll explain exactly how to how to come up with your first ever offer/online business in a second I am expling explaining a lot right now, but the main gist is like build a skill. Build your skill of content creation. That's like your level one marketing. And then you can think about offer and product. It's weird because usually you think like, wait, let me build the iPhone first before I go out and market it. It's actually kind of the opposite. Like you want to learn how to market something.
[26:48 | t=1608] So then when you have a product to actually distribute, that's when you can actually start to like make money from it. It's it's a lot harder when you don't have people already watching you. Next, you want to get to content level four. And the reason why I say content level four is 10,000 10,000 organic followers in order to actually like run a successful business. I think you need to have enough of an understanding where you can essentially make your content systemized. And this is where like the concept of like running a business kind of through your content exists. You need to be able to systemize it where you
[27:19 | t=1639] have a repeatable format that you can actually do with your videos and you also have a niche. And usually by 10k organic followers, you'll have a very clear understanding of that. and then you'll have a very clear understanding of how to replicate your content without too much effort. But if you're trying to learn the business side for the first time and you're trying to learn the content side for the first time, it's going to be really hard. Honestly, it's just going to be really hard. Like learn one first. And I highly recommend like always learn the content thing first because it's going to make it your life 10 times easier to actually learn the offer side because now you have people to market to. Would you rather try and
[27:50 | t=1670] build like a really cool product but then have nobody to like share it and get feedback from or would you rather have a classroom full of people, a lecture hall full of people and then get feedback? Like I'd rather get the lecture hall of people to get feedback from rather than like, oh, I have this thing. Anybody want it? Crickets. So that's what makes it easier to build an online business. And then once you have your content in a decent level where you've like systemized it and now you can start making ideas a lot quicker. So instead of spending 3 hours learning the basics of a video, you can do it in like 30 minutes every single day. That's the
[28:21 | t=1701] point that I've gotten to and that's how I was able to grow my business to 100K a month and simultaneously uh consistently grow my page from 50K to 400,000 followers on Instagram in the past like 21 months. So like January 2024, I was at 50k Instagram followers. This was like while I was in college, while I was starting this online business, and now it's like we've also grown on Instagram, too. You can do both, but you need to have like a decent level of like these systems understanding of content. I'm just throwing out buzzwords. Basically, you need to be like good enough at it. You need to understand it so you can
[28:52 | t=1732] like kind of do it with your eyes closed. Do it with half your brain. Like think about the amount of effort that it takes to like learn Cap Cut. Like try imagine you're trying to learn offers right now. You're trying to like learn all this complex business stuff, but then you're like you have to post a video and now you're just like you have Cap Cut open. It's this like complex [ __ ] editing platform. There's like a video here, like a [ __ ] button here, like 10 bajillion buttons here, 10 blah blah blah. you're just like, "Oh, I hate this." And then you give up. Like, if if that's you, it's probably because you're trying to like bite off way more than you can chew. You're not doing it in a in an orderly fashion. Like, learn the skill set first. Okay? Then you can systemize your content. And it's kind of
[29:23 | t=1763] this you can play this game of like continuously running your content and your business simultaneously. And it's just becomes this loop that you have to continuously run and it's a flywheel. And you can pay people to help you run this thing. That's where hiring comes in. But it's this continuous thing of marketing and then building your product, marketing, building your product. And it's over and over and over and over. And the longer that you can run it, the like the better the business that you build. And yes, doing a daily content challenge is probably one of the best ways to build your skill set of content creation because it's really hard to build this skill set if you're
[29:54 | t=1794] not doing it every single day. It's like trying to get good at the gym and trying to like get into like a decent level of fitness, but then you go to the gym like once every week and you're like, h like next time you show to the gym, you're like I forgot what even the workout was. How do I do this? Versus if you're going every single day, even for like 30 minutes, you're like, right, okay, today I'm just going to do this and I'm going to be in and out and I know exactly that I'm feeling like I'm making progress and I'm making it a habit like deep down in like the the habit center of my brain neurologically, which is I I think like the basil ganglia. So don't treat content as like a once a week thing because you're never going to build the
[30:25 | t=1825] habit of it and then your brain's never going to get into like a creative habit. And the best creators have a creative habit of thinking creatively every single day. Okay. And then lastly, once you have been running this flywheel, which is known as a business for a while now on repeat in circles and circles and circles, then you can start introducing these which are also other circles. Like you have to understand like YouTube is its own circle and now you have like two circles running simultaneously and that's why it's like kind of hard. Like a lot of people are like, "Yo, so I'm going to like systemize my Instagram and then I'm going to systemize my YouTube. I'm just
[30:55 | t=1855] going to run it up at the same time and I'm also going to have Twitter and I'm also going to have LinkedIn." And it's like, "Brother, you you haven't even mastered one platform. You're like trying. You think you're doing like this masterful like spinning multiple wheels at the same time. When in reality, you're just doing this. Like you're like, "Oh, I'm I'm going to spin the wheel a little bit. Okay, now I'm going to move it over here. I'm just going to turn it like a little bit like 15°. Oh, wait. Let's try that." And I turn this like 10°. Oh, okay. LinkedIn today. LinkedIn today. Oh, boom. And it's like nothing actually runs because you're like not actually doing anything with full effort. And you're not going to succeed in any
[31:25 | t=1885] platform if you're not like putting like 100% of your effort into learning it. So that's why learn this first. And my highest recommendation is learn Tik Tok and Instagram first. If you learn Tik Tok and Instagram first, it's going to teach you the basics of retention. It's going to teach you the basics of filming. It's going to teach you the basics of editing software. It's going to make it so you get a a very quick feedback loop. And Instagram and Tik Tok's algorithms will literally tell you if your video was good or bad within like a day. YouTube is going to take like a month. And your videos are going to take like 10 times longer cuz they're long. So I would recommend start on Tik Tok and start on YouTube if you actually
[31:55 | t=1915] want to or start on Instagram if you actually want to learn content creation and like a lot of people will genuinely I'll see them as complete beginners and within 90 days of joining content academy I'll see them like getting their first like million view video or getting their first like several hundredk view video and then hitting their first like 1k 5k followers. Okay? So focus on the skill of content creation guys. If you actually want to like go from literally like zero skill picking your nose to actually like building this complex thing focus on skill content creation first. worry about starting your online business after you have mastered the traffic side, aka the uh content
[32:27 | t=1947] creation side and you've acquired a skill. So, to get from level one to level four in content creation, I recommend joining the content academy. I genuinely think we have like the best resources to learn content creation from scratch. And if you want to learn offer creation, you're a little bit more advanced in this journey, you want to learn the ropes of basic online business, read this book by Alex Rozzi. It's not that long. It's like 200 pages. Uh maybe not even 200. It might be like 100 pages. and they have like picture books and stuff, so like it's like hella easy. Like you can read that [ __ ] like being like hella low attention span like me. It took me like a week to read this
[32:57 | t=1977] cuz I like I was like a pretty terrible reader. But if you're not at that level of offer creation yet and you need to learn content creation and get from level zero to level one to level two to level three to level four, you learn the basics of scripting, filming, and editing, I highly recommend content academy because in content academy, we've like the whole mission that we have is to to create the complete community to make content creation a predictable career path for anyone. And to prove it to you, these are literally people who have sent a win into our wins channel in our Discord server in the past 24 hours. You can see this was sent
[33:27 | t=2007] yesterday at 9:00 p.m. So after 10 days of posting one to two times a day, Seb, he was literally a lost 15year-old, like not really knowing what he should do. It was a little personal, but you know, I I really appreciate him having the honesty here. Like after getting coaching from all of our coaches, from me, our content coach Prosper, who has 400k or 390K followers, and then Sam, he went and got his first video to hit, I think, 50K views. It was his first video that ever popped off, right? After 10 days of posting one to two times a day and reinforcing that skill set. After that, you can get to people like Keel, right,
[33:57 | t=2037] who got his first 500k view video in the fashion niche and he got a good amount of followers from it. And then after you start building up that skill set of content creation, right? This is at the point where you're probably around level three. Then you can start making money from Instagram. And it doesn't have to be from your own business. It can be from like things like UGC, from essentially just going to a business and being like, "What if I come inside your business and help you make a video or two every single uh week or every single day?" And that's where you can make your first dollar from content creation. That requires you to have a skill set because what kind of business is going to pay you if you make a video and it looks
[34:27 | t=2067] like it was made by a 2-year-old. Okay? So, like, learn the skill of content creation first. That's that's the whole goal of what we do in Content Academy. We're training you and then you can get your first dollar from Instagram from getting paid by a brand, right? Or getting your even your first client. This is malt. I know he's in the chat right now, but shout out Malt, bro. He closed a new client from his content, right? And shout out one of our coaches, Gabe, who teaches monetization, because he told him to do a specific type of format, which didn't go viral, but the video alone booked him two calls and got him a client. So, you can start making your first dollar from content creation.
[34:57 | t=2097] And then there's just people who are absolute like monsters in our community who like I remember when Rajan was under 10,000 followers back in like October of last year, bro. He's at 400,000 followers now. Okay, he's about to pass me, bro. I got to lock in on my own content, man. Damn. But yeah, like there's absolute monsters in our community who went though and started off in this very first stage of just learning to post your first video, then learning to post your first seven video, and then getting your first 50k view video, your first 500k view video, then getting your first like 500,000 followers. Like, damn, I probably skipped a few steps of learning, but
[35:27 | t=2127] that's what we do in Content Academy. And these were all just wins in our community in the past 24 hours. So, if you are interested in getting this training to become a goated content creator, make money from brand deals, make money by getting paid by other brands through UGC and eventually parlaying that skill set to become a business owner or scale your own business. It really just starts at contentacademy.io/start and you can apply. We'll only take your call if you are actually qualified to be a member. Uh, and there's a few qualifications which you will find in this page. So, in the link in the description in this YouTube video,
[35:58 | t=2158] you'll see the first link is a link to uh apply and book a call. And then you can just book a call with our onboarding specialist to join the best creator community in the world. And that's how you're going to speedrun your skill set of learning content creation from scratch. And then after you do that, then you can learn offer creation. And then you become this like super cool business owner that that gets to make like spinning spinning wheel presentations and pretend like he knows things when in reality all he's done is make a really simple funnel. And then you get to make really cool diagrams and share them on YouTube. and then pretend like you have Aura. But hopefully this was uh not too confusing for you guys.
[36:29 | t=2189] Thank you guys so much for tuning in. Uh if you want to learn more about how to get started with content creation, you can book a call down below and the website should look like this. First link in the description right down there.
