# s045  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMKoB8BE5LQ)

[0:00 | t=0] This is Richard. And 90 days ago, when he joined my Discord community, he had just quit his job and wanted to go allin on content creation full-time, but he had zero experience. But after 90 days of grinding in our community, posting daily, he went from no followers and basically no videos posted to in just 90 days hitting 10,000 followers on two accounts. And he's on track to make $10,000 this month from UGC content. So today we sat down with him and he broke down exactly how he speedrun his Instagram growth during a time where most people say that content and UGC are
[0:30 | t=30] too saturated. How many months ago did you start content creation? >> Three. Yeah, 3 months ago. >> I joined I joined your community actually like a week into me creating content and like I never How many videos my life? >> Um I'm like 100 videos straight now. 100 days straight of posting I think. >> Yeah. That's awesome. >> So, within 3 months and 100 days straight of posting, you went from pretty much like zero experience and
[1:02 | t=62] you've grown now two accounts to over 10,000 followers. One of which you've grown to 30,000 followers in what is it like 2 weeks or 3 weeks? >> Well, I I started less than a month ago, but all the growth happened in two weeks. >> Holy [ __ ] So 50 to 30,000 followers within two weeks. >> Two weeks. Yeah. And it's still And the thing is like you know like when the growth is like isn't tapering off like every time I refresh the app it's like 100 at the top. And so I know I'm like
[1:33 | t=93] oh it's not going to be at 30K for a while. Like even today it's already grown like 2K. >> Oh my gosh. Yeah. Wait. If I refresh too right now. Yeah. Oh my gosh. I see the view numbers going up. >> Yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy. Dude, that's awesome. And how much have you made from UGC so far? >> Um, I think in total I've probably made like six grand so far, but my first month of doing it was in August. And like I wasn't putting in like any effort
[2:04 | t=124] really. So I think I made like a,000 that month, probably just doing like I don't know, maybe like 3 to four hours a week. And then last month I did, you know, I quit my full-time job to to do this. and probably spending like anywhere between like 10 to 12 hours a day for 3 weeks straight and I made 5 grand. Um, and then this month I'm on the way to making at least 10 grand. Like I don't know yet cuz like again like the views haven't clicked yet. So um I'll have a number at the end of the
[2:35 | t=155] month and I'll like I actually make a video about how much I make at the end of this month like through my personal brand. >> Dude, that's that's freaking crazy hearing though that you put in like 10 to 12 hours. really shows like I don't know many UGC creators who have put that level of dedication and I I think it shows why like you've been able to stand out so quickly. >> Yeah. I think um the reason why I say 10 12 hours is cuz I was working for three startups and also you like doing my personal brand and also I've I've been trying to help um this other guy like
[3:06 | t=186] this like really older dude like starting social media um and like pitching to consumer companies. So, I'm not actually spending like 12 hours a day making these UGC videos. I think out of a day, it's probably like maybe five or six for like spread across three different startups. But this month, I'm taking a much different approach. And I'm just going to focus on this one account now since it's it's so hot right now. >> That makes sense. So, you were doing three different UGC accounts last month, >> right? >> And posting, I guess, like once a day on each. Yeah, I was doing um once a day
[3:39 | t=219] for one startup, about twice a day for another, and then for Whisper uh Whisper Flow, I was doing anywhere between like three to six videos a day for them. >> I see. >> Yeah. Oh, so I guess real quick to take a step back, I've noticed a lot of people are starting to hear a lot about UGC online and I I think there's now a lot of stories like yours where it's like, yo, I went from pretty much zero experience to within like 90 days hitting like a 5k month with UGC and
[4:09 | t=249] probably like scaling even up to like a 10k month probably by the end of this month. Um, but how did you even get started in finding out about this opportunity and like even learning about like how to essentially make money from content like this? Yeah, honestly like I think the first time I learned about UGC was when I joined content academy and I saw like the the paid opportunities channel and actually I think it was Andrew like I think my first week Andrew um who worked for Cluey was saying like I hit a 10K
[4:39 | t=279] month and I was just seeing like damn like you can make 10 grand off of content in a month and then I went to his account and looked at I was like he was just like [ __ ] posting memes and like also like some talking heads too but I was just thinking like dang this like a really good opportunity. So, I ended up joining um a startup I think like my second month of making content. Um and then honestly like growing my personal brand was the biggest hack to unlocking a lot of UGC opportunities cuz when people see you're doing talking heads every day and like you know hitting like good views on certain
[5:10 | t=310] videos in the formats that they want, they just like already know like oh he's a creator like he knows how to make videos. Um, and so I had a lot of inbounds. Like at one point I had like maybe like 10 to 15 companies like startups saying like, "Oh, like come join my startup. We'll pay you to do UGC." So I had to be like really selective about which ones I picked. Um, because like I really think like UGC comes down to pitching a product that like you truly believe would like help you or like someone else. Um, and so I was like selective about joining
[5:40 | t=340] companies that I felt like aligned with like what I wanted to do. interesting. I I feel like you have a lot of like very specific sauce on how to like go about finding which company like how to actually stand out with like a specific company. I guess like real quick for anybody who wants to essentially get started like right now, but they're like very lost. I've gotten a lot of people ask me and I'm sure like a lot of people have asked you like, "Bro, like where do I like what do I do?" Like um what would you give as like
[6:10 | t=370] uh just like yo, like I haven't posted any videos, >> Richard like help me, bro. like what do I do? I want to start making money with this. Like >> I think honestly like you should create an Instagram and a Tik Tok that is just like a portfolio. Like it's not you're not meant to it's not meant to grow. It's not meant to go viral. It's just supposed to be out there so that when you pitch to brands and companies they will already see like oh he's already uploaded like five to 10 videos. And then if you don't know what kind of videos to make um just go to like really
[6:40 | t=400] famous UGC creator like you know Allegarns um Clue Mags you can even copy me if you want. Uh but just like you know take a video right that like has gotten millions of views and just recreate it. Um maybe add like your own personality into it and then have five to 10 of those. I promise like at a certain point people will just start reaching out to you if you're posting consistently enough. But even if you aren't, like I know like every single startup is like fiending for creators. As long as you have some some sort of group, as in like literally five to 10
[7:10 | t=430] videos up, I think most startups would take you in as like a creator. >> Wow. Five to 10 videos. I guess to even double down on that question, like >> yo, like I'm scared to to make those first five to 10 videos. Like where how did you get over that hump of even starting? um or just like making content in general. I I guess >> yeah, >> I um yeah, I think that's a good question. I think like honestly you just
[7:40 | t=460] have to have a really good reason for why you're posting content. Like I see this a lot. I think a lot of people create content. They think like, oh, I'm going to go viral and like I want to get views and whatever. But I don't think they like their their why behind why they're creating content is very clear. Like for me, um I wasn't very happy with my job and like I kind of saw creating content as an outlet at the time. And then at one point I was just like wait I lowkey enjoy making content more than my actual job and I know that there's opportunities here. So my why behind creating content and doing UGC was it's
[8:11 | t=491] like a means um for me to pivot to something else more meaningful in my career. But also like I feel like another big reason why I really liked these startup UGC deals and retainer deals is because um if you want to be good at it, you have to like obtain a viral sense. So, I feel like the past month of me working these like really long hours and making like a [ __ ] ton of videos every day has really honed in my viral sense where I can look at videos now and I can instantly tell you why like this will perform well, this won't
[8:41 | t=521] perform well and also like understand what videos I can steal for my own content and whatnot. >> I see. I I I guess quick question there like when you say you had like a really strong why or I guess could you describe your situation when you were first starting content? >> Yeah, 100%. Um so I've never created content uh before like like I think was
[9:12 | t=552] it June of this year? June like at the end of June was the first time I ever created video and like post on the internet. Um, and like the month before that, I became friends with one of my friend's dad who was doing e-commerce and he's selling these like uh coasters and golf bag tags and I was just trying to help him market because he's like really old and doesn't understand social media. Um, at a certain point like we had like you know done his website and like reoptimize everything. I realized that like the only way to get him more traffic at that point was either to run ads or to get into marketing like by
[9:44 | t=584] just creating short form. And so I was like well running ads costs a lot of money. so I can just make videos. So I started growing a personal brand because I was like um the fastest way to like know what to do is just by like experimenting and trying and learning. Um and so through that I was able to I guess I guess that's my why. It's like I wanted to learn how to make good content so I could help market but then it also expanded to more other reasons down the road for me. >> I see. Were you in like marketing before
[10:15 | t=615] content? No, I've literally never done marketing before in my life. I was um you know, I studied computer science at Berkeley for the past four years and then I was a software engineer for a year um before like I decided to just get into it. I don't know like it's it's really random. I would like I don't really have a good reason for why it happened, but it just happened one day and then I've kind of gone down this road now. >> Was there a reason why you want to get out of like software engineering specifically? >> Yeah, 100%. I think um like going to
[10:47 | t=647] college, I didn't have a very clear reason behind like what major I picked. So, I just kind of picked one that I knew would probably pay dividends in the future. And like, you know, I graduated and I was making six figures working a software engineering job in New York City. Um >> but like like a a few months in, I just realized like, you know, I don't really enjoy this job. And then I thought, oh, maybe like if I get like a higher company or like more prestige or like a better pay, like it'll work out. Um, but
[11:17 | t=677] honestly, the more I thought about it, the more I just realized like I just don't think I was made to be a software engineer. Like it doesn't really play to my strengths. I'm a very like I feel like I'm a pretty social person. I like u a lot of other things besides coding. In fact, like I I would get like really nervous having to code a lot of stuff cuz I just realized like it didn't I didn't have this drive to want to be the best at it. And so I just kind of realized like, oh, I need to I need to do something else that like I really that will actually consume me and will
[11:47 | t=707] actually make me motivated to try every single day. M what would you say your goals are now after having like 3 months under your belt starting to make pretty much like a full-time income now from content? >> Yeah. Um that's a good question. I think I don't know. It's I feel like making money is somehow somewhat like not the priority for me right now. Like I think I'm really prioritizing like learning. Um and part of that is through you know
[12:17 | t=737] like growing my personal brand. other part of it is, you know, learning how to make good UGC content. And then the third aspect, like this is like the one I'm most excited to work on is uh marketing for this guy that um you know, like kind of motivated me to start creating content in the first place cuz I moved to Austin cuz that's where he lived because I wanted to work with him and like um helped scale his e-commerce business cuz I just I just thought it was really cool and I realized like you can really do anything you want as long as you're just like making some money. So once I hit um I guess like for people
[12:48 | t=768] who are watching this and don't know, I' I've set a goal to hit $20,000 a month through making UGC by the end of this year. Uh and once I've hit that goal, I think I'm probably going to scale back the amount of time I spend on trying to make money through UGC and spend more time like trying to scale his brand and like figuring out how I can kind of do that cuz like I it just sounds really interesting to me and I think like it it's another really great way for me to learn. Um, and eventually down the road, like the reason I'm doing all this is because I think I think marketing is
[13:19 | t=799] really important and especially like the content creation business is going to double in the next five years. So, I think like learning the skill now will probably serve me pretty well if I ever want to start a company or uh whatnot. But also, I've started to realize like there's even more opportunities since I started creating content. Like um I've been offered a CMO position for a startup that paid six figures in like my second month of creating content. Um, and then now like, you know, after, you know, doing really well with this UGC company, I'm pretty sure like I could
[13:49 | t=829] get a lot of growth positions at different startups if I wanted to. Uh, so I think the doors are kind of open for me to do a lot of different things now. And I'm honestly not really even sure where my life will be a year from now, but um, at least for like the foreseeable future, I will just be trying to scale this guy's e-commerce business. >> Dude, that's awesome, bro. it it's like you're suffering from success at how many opportunities have opened up. >> Yeah, that's that's one way to put it. Yeah,
[14:20 | t=860] >> that's great. Did any part of you imagine this was going to happen like as quickly as it did or like like I guess as explosively as it did? >> Honestly, not really. And the reason I say that is cuz when I started creating content, I actually like um wrote on a sheet of paper like by January 1st, 2026, my goals are to have I think it's 5,000 followers was number one. And number two is to make $3,000 a month from content. And like going from that
[14:51 | t=891] in January, like I hit that goal last month already. Like I've already exceeded those goals. And so now like I don't know it's I I don't think I I definitely did not think I was going to be this successful but I also did not think like I was going to be a failure doing this. But it was hard to predict like I guess it's hard it's always hard to predict like when are you going to become successful or when you're going to like blow up overnight. That's true. I I feel like the most important thing that you did right is that you were just showing up daily and
[15:22 | t=922] like just putting in the reps consistently. And I feel like over time it's like it might happen 30 days in, it could happen like 180 days in, but like you put in the daily work anyways. Yeah, definitely. I think the like the first two weeks when I moved to Austin, like after quitting my job and you know like no money was coming in um every day I would wake up with like a lot of anxiety thinking like like you know did I make the right choice quitting my job to do content? um am I
[15:53 | t=953] like even able to do this for like 10 hours a day non-stop even if I didn't see progress and for like the first two weeks it was like mental warfare every day cuz it was like I didn't really want to make videos and I was scared to make videos >> um but I was still like showing up and doing the work um just because I knew like you know if you want cuz I was anxious about you know making money and knowing this would work out and I'm like well the only way it is is if you like do the work every single day. So even though there wasn't progress for you
[16:23 | t=983] know two to three weeks I showed up and then you know it's all about like taking advantage of the opportunities and chances you're given and I feel grateful to say like I got an opportunity like week three or four of me doing this and I was able to capitalize on it. Um but you know the first two weeks were just like it's it was like genuinely hell like every single morning I woke up and it was just like I don't know if I can do this and keep going. >> Dang. How did you deal with that anxiety and pressure early on?
[16:57 | t=1017] >> My sister lives out here, so I think, you know, I was able to see her like every other day. Um, and that was good to some degree cuz it's like having family. Um, but I think the other aspect of it is it's honestly just having stuff that can help you relieve the stress and then also just like believing in your ultimate vision. Um, and so like, you know, my vision was just you're going to make $20,000 a month. Like I would hammer in my head every morning wake up like you're going to make $20,000 a month. I even like have a sign on like
[17:29 | t=1049] my door. So when I wake up in the morning, it's the first thing I see. It's like you're going to make 20 grand a month by the end of this year. And then um I'm a big advocate of like the gym. So like I feel like just like working out for an hour every day takes off the stress. And then it's really just like having this belief that it'll work out even when you're like not seeing anything. And like it's what you said like showing up even when like it's hard, showing up even when you're tired. Um and over time you get these small wins that kind of stack into something more monumental.
[18:00 | t=1080] M I remember a lot of your earlier personal brand videos were about like how working like with your parents like when you were younger at the restaurant like really built a lot of discipline like do do you think that helped a lot in content discipline as well? >> Yeah, definitely. I think I'm just in general like kind of an obsessive person where if I find something that like I really do care about, I will spend all of my like time just thinking about it. Um, and I think like that it it's kind
[18:32 | t=1112] of related to that work ethic of um, growing up. So like when I was a kid, my parents owned a restaurant. I would I started helping at the restaurant like 8 years old all the way up through high school. Um, you know, so like as like a 10-year-old working like 12 hour shift and like senior friends outside playing. It's like, oh, this sucks. I hate this. So I had like a lot of motivation as a kid to just try really hard in school so I could get out of that situation. But I think it's also translated to other aspects of my life now where if I see something like if I see a goal that's worth chasing, I'm willing to like put
[19:03 | t=1143] in a lot of time and effort to get there. [Music] >> That's awesome, dude. Like does any part of you want to start like a company? Cuz I feel like the skill sets now that you've built of like you have the CS background and now you're building the growth and marketing part like >> Yeah, it's a good question. I actually um this might be a controversial take, but I really hate startups. Like I hate like the the whole like people around them where they're like, "Oh yeah, I'm a founder and like I'm doing this and
[19:33 | t=1173] that." And I think part of it just stems from my like I don't really enjoy coding very much or like CS in general. And so I really hate like especially in college, I hate it when people like, "Oh, he's a CS major." Like it it really annoyed me. So I don't really have like a desire to be like a startup founder, I think. But I think I do have a desire someday to like own a company and like do something more entrepreneurial. Um I think like you know seeing my parents own a small business at a you know like they started that when they were in their 20s. It's kind of like made me
[20:04 | t=1204] realize like oh like I could do the same thing too. It doesn't need to be a restaurant but I could be something else. >> Yeah, dude. Genuinely like it if you've already built this much of a skill set of growing startups like it's Yeah. like you have that option now too. I feel like it's it's like a options like the only one. But yeah, like I would also I don't know how much you've talked to Gabe about this um in the academy like but he kind of had a similar sit like
[20:35 | t=1235] story where a year ago when he joined the academy like he basically just like started building this the skill set of content posting daily and he was trying a bunch of different things with like the digital product space like selling like ebooks like trying faceless pages and then eventually he turned it into like what he has now which is marketing agency and he was able to like scale that marketing agency to up to like dude his peak month it was like high likeund something like
[21:05 | t=1265] >> [ __ ] >> yeah and I feel like he could probably give a lot of insight on like you know like next steps to parlay that skill set into like the highest leverage possible opportunity. >> Yeah, definitely. Honestly, it's I know I should think about this a lot more, but um like this is really only like my first or second month doing content full-time, so I haven't really put a lot of thought and effort into it cuz you know even three weeks ago I was like thinking about like how am I going to pay the bills? Um so it's I'm grateful
[21:37 | t=1297] now like you know to be able to sit here and say like yeah I have a lot of options going forward. Um but yeah, I think definitely need to think about it and like talk to other people to get advice on where to go going from here. Yeah, I it's like at the end of the day like you're you're doing all the right moves and you're like you're like crushing it. So, I'm sure you're going to find like you know what aligns with you the most as well. Like it's it's awesome to see like whenever I see people go from like okay like I'm starting out this like posting daily
[22:08 | t=1328] thing like and they actually dog through it and then suddenly it just and then it goes from like bro like I like I'm like just starting out like I I don't know like kind of unsure about this and then boom like all the options are just coming to you and you're like right like >> I I don't know if you remember this but like um at the first meetup like in New York Uh, I don't know if you remember this, but I came up to you and I asked you for advice. Like at that point, I was like I think like 15 days into posting and I was like, "Oh, Mino, like what do I do?" Like I I feel like I I don't really know
[22:40 | t=1360] uh my niche and whatnot. You're like, "Oh, like it's all good. Just make sure like you, you know, show keep showing consistently and whatnot." And I think like going from that point where I was like so lost and confused to now like having said like I've successfully grown two accounts to over 10K is like it's kind of insane, you know, like how fast your life can really change in like span of like a couple months. >> Dude, that's that's fire. I I love how the advice was so stupid. It was like,
[23:10 | t=1390] "Yeah, man. Just post daily." >> Yeah. No, but I was like asking you like, oh, like what um format or niche should I go into because like I feel like I don't have a very clear reason behind it right now. And you were just saying, well, I I wish I wrote this down, but it was like you're basically saying like, oh, like I switched knees so many times and you know, my format changed a lot, but like what's important is that like you just keep showing up and like you know, you like keep working at it every single day, which you know, it sounds like sounds like you were like pushing me like don't bother me, but
[23:40 | t=1420] genuinely like that is the best advice. Like if you just keep showing up and like keep working at it, like I feel like eventually you will figure it out. Yeah, it's it's interesting because I feel like here's my take on that. I feel like a lot of times I've like tried to overintellectualize it because it's really fun to think about like yeah let's like let's theory craft here like so what do you do on a dayto-day like you know let's like really get this like really in-depth content strategy and I feel like a lot of times it's actually like it creates like this like perfectionist like over like over input
[24:11 | t=1451] and I've received that too a lot of times where it's like hey man you should do this you should do you should do this and then suddenly I like I get more lost rather than just like well at the end of the day it's like just post bro like that's like the number one But then you think about wait but like brand like what about branding like what like what about the you know I want to like build the >> the audience and the niche and like and it's just like and then suddenly you're two weeks without posting and you're like all right like I've just lost all my momentum now internally and
[24:41 | t=1481] then it turns into this like internal slump. That's what happened to me before. So, I try to just make sure I don't like over like over inellectualize it to people to the point where it's like ah like >> Yeah. Yeah, definitely. >> Dude, that's that's awesome. What do you think is one piece of advice that like most people trying to get into UDC and content are doing wrong? >> Um, that's a really good question. I think I'll answer from the UGC side because I
[25:11 | t=1511] feel like content is like a lot harder to judge, but I think from UGC side, I've even seen this with people within like my current startup, but I think a lot of people like so the strategy for people who aren't aware of like how you make viral UGC videos is you just have to scroll on Tik Tok until you find like million view videos and then you steal the hook and steal the idea and like you spin it into your own startup. And so I think a lot of people they kind of skip that step and they just go straight into
[25:41 | t=1541] like making video based on idea that they think is good. And you know sometimes you know it'll work out but like 99% of the time it'll fail. Um, and then the other thing I've seen a lot is people will steal my content and they will never like repurpose it to themselves and the video will just absolutely flop because like they don't understand fundamentally that like I saw a different idea and I like repurposed it into like what my vision of like a good video was. And I feel like if you want to get into UGC and become like
[26:11 | t=1571] really good at it, you need to like start thinking for yourself like why did this video do well and like how can I fit my personality or like my um acting or my input into here so that it's a twist off of that idea and not a direct copy because copies don't work well. Like you need to innovate on top of an idea. What did that distinction look like for you between like you found the inspo video and then you added your own personal choice? How did you go about that? >> Yeah, that's actually a good question.
[26:41 | t=1601] So, the video that went viral for me um and it wasn't even that viral. I think has like 150,000 views on Tik Tok right now is um the original inspiration was this uh this another UGC account where this girl was like, "Oh, I caught my merry professor on hinge and attached the screenshot onto this rewrite." Um and it had 6 million views. So I saw that and I was like, "Okay, wait. This is, you know, 6 million view video. That means like there's the idea is there, right?" But she just did it like in like
[27:12 | t=1632] pasted a text on the screen and put some music overlay over it and filmed some B-roll. So there was no talking involved. It was only text. So I was like, "Okay, so this idea works. What if I just flipped it to a talking head and added like my own like twist to it?" So, literally what I did was I just took the exact same hook, like text hook that she had, said it out loud like but like with like an inquisitive face and then showed um the document that I created like of a different guy and then you know that was
[27:44 | t=1664] it. Uh literally 12 seconds like I I made it that day and it wasn't even a video that was like yeah this is going to go mega viral and like start a series and whatnot. I was just at that point I was just making videos to see like which ideas were going to stick. a day later, 100k views. And then from there, I was like, "Okay, well, now we know like this this series works, so I just need to write out a plot line." And so every day, I would write out like a small plot line and add on to it. Um, and I think like when I make my videos, they're I don't really know like what my
[28:15 | t=1695] style is, but I think like to some extent I've really built up a storytelling skill set. Like I feel like um like creators who I've met have always told me like, "Oh, like your storytelling is really good." And like they that's like that's always the first question they ask me. It's like how did you print views with a storytelling format? So I was like I'm going to lean into my strengths here and do like a storytelling video with a lot of B-roll like a lot of really quick B-roll and then um accounts actually that I've like studied from like UGC accounts specifically is this guy named Side
[28:47 | t=1727] Quest with Jason. I don't know if you you've seen his videos. He he works for Turbo. Um but he has this series where it's like is it possible to get rejected from a college with a 100% Yeah. >> So >> I've seen him before. >> Yeah. Yeah. So I was looking at his account and I was like studying his content thinking like why did this million view video like get you know like why did it go so viral and he does a really good job of like clip stitching B-roll together along with talking head and then you know I noticed that he he
[29:18 | t=1758] would do like really quick text as well. So, I literally mimicked that exact style. Um, but like shot it from like my perspective and like how I make content. Um, but the format is like almost identical. Like if you compare videos side by side, it's like you can kind of see like where I get inspiration from. And then yeah, it's just it's kind of popped off since there. Um, yeah, I guess that's how that's how I got my videos to go go viral. Do you have any specific hacks for researching and then for like hooks or
[29:50 | t=1790] any part of the video creation process that you haven't really seen people talk about? I think honestly I think all the information is kind of out there and this this sounds like the worst advice ever, but it's really just like you just got to go out there and do it and then like find what works for you because like um at the beginning when I was creating these videos, what they wanted me to double down on was like entertaining videos and funny memes. And so if you go back to my UGC account, like the first 30 videos or so are all just memes and like entertaining videos.
[30:21 | t=1821] Um, and like if you know your niche and you know your format, finding inspiration hooks are actually really easy because all you need to do is find million view videos that have that are within your niche and like you think relate to your product. So for me like um I still do this every day where like for an hour in the morning I will go on Tik Tok and I will just scroll and scroll until I find um a million view video that's within my niche and format which is like memes for me and then I'll save them to a collection and then at
[30:52 | t=1852] the end of the hour I'll look back on the collection and think like how can I spin this into my startup idea like how can I like plug my startup here? Um, and so I think that's really the only advice I can give to how you can create viral videos like ideiation wise, but it's it sounds like really bad advice, but it's it's genuinely you just have to put in like an unbelievable amount of volume because like what works for me is not going to work for someone else. >> Yeah. I I feel like the the interesting part about UGC
[31:22 | t=1882] is I feel like it's a lot of the menial research part like the research component is what I'm hearing. Interesting. Um, do you have any hacks for like maybe the way that you scroll or like curate your for you page or like if you utilize the search engines at all or is it just like scrolling until you see it? >> Um, for the meme format like I've gotten it down so my for you page only outputs study memes now and I'm just like so
[31:53 | t=1913] selective like when I go through and scroll like you have to be so disciplined when you're just scrolling. I'm sure like this has happened to you >> where like you'll see these memes and you're like, "Wow, these are actually so funny." And you'll stalk the guy's account and you're like, "Oh, wait. No, I have to go back to scrolling memes again." >> Um, so I think just >> yeah, just like a lot of disappointment you're scrolling and understanding like you're researching right now. You're not like having fun. And then something I've been trying out recently um and this isn't really proven yet, but like I'll write down like an idea. So like we're
[32:23 | t=1943] trying to double down on more conversion videos now. And so I've been trying to figure out like what are like hooks that I could start using for conversion video because that's more talking head. So another thing I've been doing right now is just like if I have like an idea. So like let's say um like the other day I was thinking like something along the lines of like a girl best friend like how can we craft a hook around that? I'll I'll search it up and then I'll look at the the top performing videos in that category and see like what hooks are they using? Why did that perform video perform well? What not. Um, but
[32:53 | t=1973] honestly it's like if you can research really well, creating videos is creating videos is kind of the easy part. Like researching a viral idea and like formatting it to your startup is the harder part. >> Do you have any tips then to for essentially CTAs and adding in the startup component for UGC videos? >> Yeah, CTA. Um, oh that's a that's a tough question. I feel like I'm like every day I'm still
[33:24 | t=2004] like pondering this too. I don't know. It's like sometimes I've I feel like I've done it so subtly that people don't even realize that like I'm plugging my startup. Um, but another thing I've been seeing a lot of is engagement baiting where you have like your friends comment like, "Oh, what is that tool you're using?" And then you just respond like, "Oh, it's called Whisper Flow." Um, so that's one way I've seen like people bring more attention, but otherwise like yeah, I don't know. I haven't really had a like
[33:55 | t=2035] a I would say I've gone very viral on top funnel and I'm trying to figure out how I can go viral on bottom funnel cuz I think that's really like the harder type of UTC to do. Well, the thing is though, it's like I I feel like it's a you you've danced the line really well without making it feel so much like an ad to the point where it's like, oh, like I don't like it kills retention, you know? Like that's the harder part that you've solved is that you've gotten like talking head like with retention. Like my I've almost
[34:25 | t=2065] thought like, huh, how have you almost like not forgotten to put the plug in there, you know? or like >> well what was your thought when you when you saw my video like the one that you comment on like this is a great UGC example like what were you thinking when you watched it? >> I did not expect it to be UGC. So at first I was like well this happened to Richard. What the [ __ ] Like I'm watch I'm I'm locked in like what what the and then I see whisper flow. I was like, "Oh
[34:55 | t=2095] no, I just got caught." And I was like, "This is [ __ ] genius." Like, I fully did not I I was so caught off guard by that. But that's like I as in like I wouldn't even picked up the Whisper Flow plug if not for the fact that like I'm super conscious of when I see like a product demo, you know? So I was like I was shocked because usually the product demos are also very obvious though. It's like I made a website called blah blah
[35:26 | t=2126] blah.com. It's like okay like all right scroll like I I'll study it but I won't like feel like this is good. This is good. Like I was so locked into the video. I was like I was so retained bro. >> Yeah. No I think for Okay. For that series um for me I was like there's like three different touch points I could use. One was like text messages, one was emails, and the other was like asking questions at chat GBT. And I feel like these are like everyday tasks that are really easy. And like I was switching up
[35:56 | t=2156] the shots a lot. Like if you if you watch on the videos, I don't think I repeat the same shot or angle um ever or like if I do it's maybe like once. So for me, like switching to the product demo feels very natural because I've already switched up the shot so many times that when you see the product demo, you're like, "Oh, this is some of the shot that he's using. Oh, interesting. I I see it now. Yeah, the shots are really well done. Like they're constantly like high and then close up and then like the side angle.
[36:29 | t=2189] >> Yeah, definitely. Yeah, cuz I think I think um you know these are all like the micro hacks that like this is not the reason why it goes viral, but like when you have a good idea and like you can execute the micro hacks, that's what takes it from like let's say 100K to like a million views. >> Yeah, I I feel like these are these do all the fundamentals really well on top of being a really good idea. Like the lighting is really good, too. >> Yeah. I know the the lighting is super like I'm so conscious when I'm filming
[36:59 | t=2219] these videos of what lighting I'm using. Um like cuz like you know it's the color theory like certain colors convey certain meanings and whatnot. Um and yeah it's like again like I don't want the takeaway from this video to be like you need to use good lighting in multiple shot like shot types. Like that's not what made this video go viral. What made the video go viral is that it's a really good idea and you I knew how to execute the hook well and then everything after that is kind of like the cherry on top that makes it go mega viral.
[37:31 | t=2251] >> Yeah, it's I do think it's like creators should definitely at least practice the basics. So it's like practicing the same shot in like basketball like a hundred times. like it's not necessarily going to like let's say like make you win a game, but like when you need to pull it out, you already have it in your in your arsenal of moves that you can just instantly like oh like B-roll like you're like okay this is a storytime video I need to represent I need a really hooking hook like visual hook to represent how my professor just texted
[38:02 | t=2282] me. And then you've already exactly what the shot looks like that would like really feel captivating. And it's like the >> like looking at the phone while like doing the facial expression. It's like okay. >> And then all the like little Lego pieces added together makes it a really compelling video al together too. >> Yeah. I like I also want to credit like
[38:32 | t=2312] um there was like the phase in the beginning when I was building my personal brand. I think I made like 18 videos in a row, the exact same format. I think like we talk about I'd start super close to my face. I put the camera down and it just transitioned to like a [ __ ] ton of B-roll. And I think like that two to three week span where I was only making those videos has really honed it in for me so that like when I got to this I was like, "Oh, like pull it out the bag. Like we we're ready to go. like we already know exactly how to do it and it doesn't take you like four hours cuz you know when I first started
[39:02 | t=2342] making those videos genuinely every night it would take me like 3 to four hours to make one of them but now it's like it's kind of like second nature because I put in so many reps in the past. >> Yeah, that that's such a great lesson too that I I think a lot of people miss about content is like oh like I it's not working right now. This is useless. like I'm I've wasted my effort here spending 5 hours making a video that didn't like blow up. Why why shouldn't I just spend 30 minutes making a [ __ ] and just
[39:33 | t=2373] like you know? Yeah. But you stack it's all stacked learning and like I remember Prosper was telling me this when we were in person once when he was starting content too like this was before boyfriend maxing before he even started making polish stuff. He was like he watched me spend 12 straight hours on a video. I was like he was literally like saw me with the tism. I was like bro I see the vision bro trust bro. Like it was we were mid-con conversation. I was like wait wait wait wait. And then he saw me spend an hour on one B-roll shot and he was like, "You're allowed to
[40:03 | t=2403] do that." Like he almost felt like it was like wrong, you know? It's like you need permission to spend that much effort on a video and then like once you see like, "Oh, it's normal to spend a good amount of effort on content because it's like taking a risk. You know, you spend a lot of time and it's okay even if it doesn't work out cuz you like you understand that it's okay." And I think that's so important because a lot of people are just like, well, like how do I minmax this, you know, how do I get maximum views for minimum effort? And I like, yeah, that's kind of sometimes a
[40:34 | t=2434] good like mindset so you're like more efficient. But when you're learning a new skill, I think it's just like do whatever possible to to make the best quality video and eventually you'll be rewarded for it, but you won't see how it'll pan out at the beginning. >> Yeah, I think the the prime example of that is actually on my account. If you scroll back to the the very beginning, I had two videos back to back that was like how to ri up like my professor on LinkedIn and I I think I spent like two hours each on each of those videos just
[41:04 | t=2464] for them to get like 2k views. Um but like that's like a prime example of what you said where it's like I tried it in the beginning and I realized like oh this is like I can make a video like this and it's I actually enjoyed making it and watching it afterwards but it didn't go viral per se. So then when the professor series started, I was like, "Oh, okay." Like, you know, it's the same exact thing. You just got to remake it in a different way now. >> Is it is it possible to go on a date with my professor? Is it >> that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
[41:37 | t=2497] Like I think it's a good video, but it doesn't have viral potential, you know? And that's like, you know, that's like this this part that sucks. Like sometimes you will make a video and you'll think it's like the best video in the world, but like it won't go viral. like that's you just kind of would be okay with that. I think you said it once too in like your coaching calls where it was like um you know at the end of the day like we make videos for fun and it's not because like you know like not every video will go viral and I think for me like when you said I was like yeah he's so right like you know you have to make videos with like no expectations because
[42:07 | t=2527] like not every video is going to go viral. >> Yeah. And it's going to feel like a gut punch every single day if you're like if it hurts that much every time it flops because it's like let's say an average hit rate especially if you're starting out is like one out of 30. Like you're going to take 29 like punches to the gut and if you can't learn to like take it with grace then >> like nobody's going to sit through 29 days of like feeling like [ __ ] Like we're going to we're going to stop on like day 16 and be like ah like this sucks. Like it didn't work. But it's
[42:38 | t=2558] like, >> yeah, >> I think that's such a good point. It's part of it >> 100%. >> So, I guess last question here, and this is a subtle plug, uh, and you you can answer this like however you want, but how how has the content academy helped you like and how have you like best utilized content academy like when >> starting out? >> Honestly, I feel like nowadays I don't use content academy as much as I I used to. Um, and it's honestly because my
[43:08 | t=2588] first two months I was really active in content academy. Like I went to like basically every coaching calls. I was doing the content reviews. I was pretty active in the chat and like you know cuz I was only really growing my personal brand. Um, but I think after a certain point I learned what format worked best for me and I learned what video types I like to do. And I think what content academy does really well is really it teaches you like from a first principles perspective like why videos do well and why videos do bad and then also taking
[43:39 | t=2619] you from like not knowing how to make a video to making your very first video and then just that feedback loop like going to these coaching calls. I remember the first couple times I went I just get my videos torn to shreds and I would just be like be so sad after the call being like I thought that was such a good video like like what like they hated it. Um, but that's kind of part of the process. It's like you need someone to tell you like, "Yeah, your stuff sucks and here's how to improve it." Um, cuz like that's that is the best advice. Like that's the advice that you need to hear in the beginning. Um, and kind of
[44:09 | t=2649] just going through that that cycle we were just talking about where it's like you can go like your first 30 videos. I remember like I tell this story all the time. My first 28 videos, 27 videos didn't even break 2K views. Like it was like a couple hundred, maybe a thousand sometimes. the 28th video. And I remember like when I created the video, I was thinking like, I really like this video. I think it's going to be a good one. I really hope it does well. It's it's at like 1 million views now. Um, but like there was a point there was genuinely a point in the when I was
[44:39 | t=2679] creating the first 27 videos where I thought like maybe I'm not cut out for this. Like maybe this isn't for me. Um, but like every day I'd like like I'd wake up the next morning like no, I'm going to try one more time. I'm going to try one more time. And then I'd say like once you taste the success once um you realize like low key it's like more even more pressure after that because then you're like now I have to recreate this like I have to like do as well again. But it like finally validates like all the hard work you did. And I think yeah content academy I I I tell this to
[45:10 | t=2710] people all the time. You know I think Content Academy was probably like one of the best thousand investments I made in my life. like it it did single-handedly like change the course of my life and what I thought was possible um just because I started making content and like you know it I think it does a really good job of creating a community that like holds each other accountable and I've met a lot of really cool people through it and you know I look forward to being part of the community in the future and like coming to I don't know when the next inerson events are but like I look forward to like coming out to those as well. Yeah, next one it's
[45:41 | t=2741] going to be in uh December in New York again. So if you're back in the area, pull up. >> Fire. Yeah, I'll definitely I'll probably fly out because I've been telling my friends I got to go visit them. So make it two birds of one stone. >> Dude, that's awesome. I I really hear I really appreciate hearing that, dude. I think like that's the whole goal is like get everybody to that first point of like proof cuz once you get proof on your own you don't need to necessarily like hear it constantly that it's
[46:12 | t=2772] possible like it's possible from other people see that it's possible from other people cuz now you have your own data set but until then I think that's the power of like a community is like >> it's it doesn't feel real until like you see it yourself so you kind of need to see real examples of other people and I think that's what you're doing Now it's like so many like Andrew to you when you saw holy [ __ ] this dude went from like first month 10k like what what like $10,000 the first month of UGC like >> that doesn't sound real until you see like no this guy Andrew a college
[46:42 | t=2802] student went and did that >> and then now like you're probably that example to a lot of people in the community where like wait what like Richard just grew it from 50 followers to 20,000 in 10 days like >> huh and And now there's so many people who are probably like, "Okay, like bet. If he can do it, bro, I can, dude." And I think that's the like that's the epic feedback loop that happens when like everyone else there is like so dialed into. >> Yeah, definitely. I also really like um
[47:13 | t=2833] like actually shout out shout out to Henry when I was first starting like he used to give me so much feedback and he had like I think he was like 20k followers at that point. I was just thinking like, wow, like that's kind of crazy. Like there's people who are like experienced like giving me feedback and whatnot. And like I've been doing a bad job of this, but like every once in a while I'll go into the content reviews channel and I'll just like dissect videos for like half an hour straight. And like I think like there is like there are a lot of people I think who like try to give back to the community which I think is like it's you know that's a really good thing that the
[47:44 | t=2864] community is active and every time I come back like um you know I've gotten a lot of people actually like DM me like asking like oh can can we talk like I've seen your videos do well and like I feel like I'm starting to establish like I guess the social proof now uh where like people actually like want to hear my thoughts and like what I have to say about content. >> Dude, that's awesome, bro. I I genuinely hope like uh I I hope you know that you're you're probably like right now inspiring so many people to like go after it and like keep going, dude.
[48:15 | t=2895] >> Yeah, I really I really hope so. Um yeah, thank you so much for that. >> Yeah, dude. I'm excited for this to go up on uh on YouTube and in the academy as well. Like dude, there's like good sauce here. I I think especially the research component for a lot of people doing UGC. It's like I I think it's really I've seen it firsthand like a lot of people view UDC with like a ah like I'm just going to like copy the format like you know like oh like it doesn't work like ah you know the account's dead like I need to warm up my account more.
[48:46 | t=2926] >> Like I hear that all the time. It's like oh my account's not warm enough. I'm like no dude you just got to make more videos. Like what are you doing? >> My account's not warming up dude that's so funny bro. Like I never heard about this until UGC and I think what makes it like a a valid excuse now is that because people are making multiple accounts but like >> this was never a thing in personal branding. Like yeah like it might take a little bit but like that's not the reason why the videos aren't dead for a month straight. Like >> yeah 100%.
[49:19 | t=2959] >> Dude, that that's awesome. Like I guess my final question here is to to somebody who's like looking to start they're like man like if I guess if you talk to your former self when he was on the cusp of of of starting or or whenever it was most difficult honestly and you had one piece of advice what would you give him? >> That's really hard. I actually um I really recently saw this clip of Daniel
[49:50 | t=2990] Mint actually your friend um and it's like what's the one secret sauce to going viral every time and he's like oh there's no secret sauce and actually like it's really hard and difficult but if it was easy then everyone would be doing it and I feel like that is what you need to keep reminding yourself like if you're if you keep flopping your videos keep flopping and it's hard um that's part of the process. And I actually think it's like a disservice if you if you go viral on your second or third video because now you've like just
[50:21 | t=3021] kind of thought like, oh, it's so easy. Like I've already gained like 20,000 30,000 views. But like I think people who are like able to stomach like 30, 40, 50, 60 videos straight of flops and then get successful end up being a lot more um like prominent, successful over time because they understand that pain. And so I guess the best advice I'd give to my former self is like if it gets hard just know that like um you know it's it's supposed to be it's supposed to be this way. And also like everybody
[50:51 | t=3051] around you probably has quit at this point. So every day that you keep going forward is like you're beating out the competition by like one more day. And so like the longer you can go and the longer you can stomach this failure the more successful you'll actually be. >> Quote from the great Daniel Vin. Bro, >> I like that a lot. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I I I think that's like honestly the best piece of advice you ever need when you're creating content. It's like it's genuinely it's just how long can you sustain failure for um before like you give up cuz content is like it's kind of like life. Like it's infinite game. As long as you
[51:22 | t=3082] keep trying like you can win with content. >> Yeah. Wow. It's And it I I know there's going to be somebody out there being like, man, like ah like bro like oh brother But it's true, dude. It's And how many examples are there where you see like like I saw this with Daniel, I saw this with Prosper. I saw this with myself. It's like it was always around like 60 to 90 days of like actually
[51:52 | t=3112] putting in effort. I think that's the distinction too. A lot of people hear me say, "Yo, 90 days is usually when it takes to like really start seeing like exponential growth in content, but they'll like won't actually try. They'll just be like waiting, okay, around 90 days of me just putting in five out of 10 effort every single day. >> Oh, where where is it? It's it's >> it's like it has to feel painful almost because that's what makes it rare. That's what makes success rare to genuinely put your full 100% creative effort and love into a video and then
[52:22 | t=3142] see the algorithm [ __ ] slap it in the face and be like, "Yo, this was not good." >> Yeah, dude. That was like the first month of me creating content just felt like that. It's like I would pour I'd come home from like a workday like 9 to5 and I think from like 6:00 p.m. until like 11:00, right? Like 4 to 5 hours straight like scripting, ideulating, filming the video, filming the B-roll, editing, and all of that. And then I put it out there like 400 views. And I'm
[52:52 | t=3172] just like, "Oh my god." Like, "Am I going to do this again tomorrow? Like am I going to wake up and like put up another stinker?" Um, but yeah, it's like I feel like everybody everyone who's ever made content and like has become really successful has gone through that phase. Like I'm so confident. Like no one's ever like picked up the camera and instantly like became like million million view videos every single day. Like I refuse to believe that that's true. >> Yeah. And and I actually noticed too people who don't do that usually struggle to pivot. And usually like the
[53:22 | t=3202] first sign of like okay like this content strategy I was doing earlier on isn't working anymore. A lot of times I'll notice like like people falling off like after they've gotten really quick early success too. I don't know may maybe I'm just like hating or something but like it's like I I feel like pivoting also kind of exposes that where the people who understand that actual grilling process of starting again like will be able to pivot better too. And I think that's what makes like you or
[53:53 | t=3233] somebody like Daniel like like I I have so much faith that like whatever avenue you take this it'll work because it's not just a factor of like oh you got lucky or anything like it it it was a matter of like the character that you built and how that like built you the discipline to actually stick through any kind of long period of drought. >> Yeah, 100%. Yeah, that is really the defining factor. I feel like it's like just
[54:24 | t=3264] pushing through when there's no success and when there's no promise of success even. >> That's awesome, bro. I I think that's a great way to like finish the the pod, dude. I I really appreciate your time.
