# s046  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7eIST__x-o)

[0:00 | t=0] This is an in-depth tutorial on how I grew in 128 days, 100,000 followers on Instagram and went from making $0 from Instagram and down bad to 10K a month for 3 months straight all through Instagram. Literally just through the followers that I had built and I also actually happened to get a girlfriend on May 10th. That's just like an interesting coincidence. But to prove that it was not luck, I continued this growth for the past I think like year and a half since that point. Now we're at 400k followers on Instagram and I've also grown three Tik Tok accounts to
[0:30 | t=30] over 100,000 followers across three different niches. So the principles I'm going to teach you in this video are the basics of audios audience building that also help you build the fundamentals of an actual longlasting personal brand and also a longlasting income from social media. If I were to just pull up like this year the business that I talked about, right, that I had started during this period up until uh October 14th of this year. So, in 10 months, we've done around $500,000 from that business as well. So, in January 2nd, 2024, I did three main things to grow over the next
[1:03 | t=63] 128 days. And I know it's going to sound really simple, but you you just have to hear me out. I posted at 3:00 a.m. I posted at 3 p.m. But the main thing that you need to do for the first 30 days is just get used to daily posting. So, a lot of people approach content from this perspective of how do I make sure that I get the highest quality and oh [ __ ] bro. I posing for 7 days, but none of my videos hit above like 10,000 views. Bro, I'm flopping. Like, this is not worth it. and you get super in your head, but you have to realize that in the first 30
[1:33 | t=93] days of posting, not only are you simply getting accustomed to the muscle of just posting, but you also have no idea what actually works and resonates with your own unique life. And often times from the people that I personally work with and coach on this social media stuff, I notice that it takes them around 30 days to even find that because you might be thinking, dude, I'm going to become a fitness creator. But then you realize later on that people actually really like watching your 9-to-f5 content. And you're not going to know that until you
[2:03 | t=123] literally have just market feedback of posting for 30 days in a row. Also, during this period of 30 days, you're going to learn like hooks. How do you get 50% of viewers who see your face for the first 5 seconds to actually enjoy watching you? And that comes from just practicing and learning. And yes, obviously learning these things matter. But every single time I have ever tried to convince somebody, wait, wait, wait, change this word for the hook. But 90% of the time, even if I give people like the most 10 out of 10 hook that's going to actually hook people in, they give up
[2:33 | t=153] posting after seven freaking days. So if you are watching this video doubting what I'm seeing about posting daily, but you have never gone longer than a week of daily posting. It's the equivalent of somebody who's fat as [ __ ] who sits on his couch all day. He's like telling his friend, "No, man. I need to take a rest day because uh JPG told me that it's like optimal to take a rest day and I need to like get, you know, like a myionuclear blah blah. Like, dude, in the past 30 days, you've gone to the gym once. What are you talking about rest days for after your first day? Like, shut up,
[3:04 | t=184] bro. You have to realize that 90% of the battle of creating content is getting over your own head and getting over yourself. I've literally probably seen half of my friends, right? And this is no shade, but half of my friends have come to me, yo, like, how do I get started with this content thing? you know, I'm not really sure how to go about it. And within 3 days, within 3 days, they haven't even posted more than one video. It's difficult. And there's a massive psychology game behind like actually being able to even convince yourself to show up to do any new habit for 30 days. But you have to understand
[3:34 | t=214] this is not some technical thing. It is a purely war against your own psyche and get over all of these doubts. Because if you want to get to the point where you can literally be even just making online income, like side income, I'm talking like 5 to 10k a month from content, you have to learn how to make this a daily habit while it's cringe, while people are still judging you, while you still feel the discomfort. But in step two, I do think one of the easiest way to get out of your own head about making content is just to actually find a way to monetize it. And I know this like
[4:04 | t=244] sounds like a really silly answer. It's like, oh, like, how do I monetize it? But the reason why I actually think you should be looking to make money from your content in day 30 to 60, even if you've only ever gotten like videos around like 1 2,000 views, you can actually start monetizing. And there's two ways you can monetize. There's one that I've actually highlighted here, and there's another one, which is starting your own coaching business. I believe this is like the only two ways you can realistically monetize your following in your first 30 to 60 days. other forms of monetization like doing brand deals, being like an actual big influencer that
[4:34 | t=274] takes a lot longer to build, but you can do these two methods of monetizing within the first 30 to 60 days. Now, before I get into it, I just want to explain why that's actually like really crucial. The reason why it's important, though, is because at this point, you're probably going to feel really crazy. You're probably going to feel really insane that you're trying this content thing and your friends are telling you, "Hey, man, keep up this good influencer work, bro. I see you trying to be an influencer, man. Like, keep going, but like, you know, make sure to focus on your studies and [ __ ] bro." you're going to feel really crazy. And the thing that monetizing helps you do is recognize that it's actually correlated with the real world. When you are doing
[5:05 | t=305] this internet posting thing and you're trying to do this whole content influencer thing, part of you is actually have these very logical doubts of like, wait, this is actually kind of a waste of time. Well, the best thing that you can do to motivate yourself to keep going is literally essentially like turn into a job and make money from it and start actually trying to make money from it because once you get that first hit of making your first $1,000 from content, that's when it's real. That's when you can parlay that into your first $2,000 a month, $5,000 a month, $10,000 month, and I've seen it with my own eyes because I run a community of over 600
[5:35 | t=335] creators, people going from literally zero experience to making 5 to 10k a month with content creation, right? I've seen it firsthand that one of the most exciting and gamechanging things is when they they literally post into our Discord wins channel, right? Like that they made their first dollar online. And I I'll literally show you, right? These are people who don't even have that crazy of a following, but have been posting for like their first like 30ish days. First month with UGC, made 1.1K. Another person got paid 450 bucks off of one UGC video last week. 1K off his
[6:07 | t=367] first month doing two UDC opportunities. And UDC stands for user generated content. It's basically making content for a brand. So, this is opportunity number one. And this is probably the easiest, lowest barrier to entry that you can realistically start with zero followers and also like zero experience. And the reason why is because you're creating content for brands, not on your account, but on their account or you're going to make a new account for the brand. And basically what you're going to do is you're going to build a very basic skill set of content creation. So I highly recommend you at least have like one or two videos posted before
[6:38 | t=398] because that's going to make it 10 times easier for these brands to actually want to hire you. Or you could just join our exclusive community. We have like opportunities in like an opportunities channel that we send. We're literally people who are just starting out because these brands really trust our program and our training that we give them. You can just get hired immediately. But if you want to join, you can just like go to the first link in the description to our exclusive community. But yeah, basically to start UDC, you don't need experience, but you do need to simply be consistent though because these brands will pay you around $500 a month even as
[7:08 | t=428] a complete beginner, but it's so you can post daily, right? So, the average that you can get paid when you're starting out is around like $10 to $30 per video that you post onto a brand account. But the benefit of that is that it forces you to be consistent if you want to like scale to even like 500 bucks a month. It doesn't take that long of a time. Like I'm talking like spend like an hour a day on these UGC videos, but it also makes content real. And once again, the main thing is that you don't want to feel crazy doing that. $2,000 a month that can pay for your rent. That makes this [ __ ] worth it, bro. And that makes
[7:39 | t=459] content real. And yes, you might have these big dreams of building a larger audience and turning content into eventually your full-time income. And that's that will come with time. Right now, you need to make this stuff feel real. So, you get out of your own head and these identities around content of it being fickle and stupid. And everybody around you is going to tell you it's cringe and useless because they don't understand the context of how much people actually make from social media out there. But once you actually start making real money for me, that's when you can even like tell your friends, your your parents at the very least
[8:09 | t=489] like, "Yeah, I'm wasting my time with this like content hobby thing, but I'm making money, bro. So, like, shut up." And the second one is coaching. Now, I'm not going to go super in-depth with this because I I have another video on my channel on how I actually scaled my coaching business, but basically, you want to charge people around 500 bucks a month for like your first onetoone client. and then just post a story daily to your own audience saying that you're looking for a one-to-one client in one of the niches of health, wealth, or relationships. That's where most coaching businesses lie. For example, dating coaching for relationships, uh
[8:41 | t=521] content coaching for making money. That's what I do. And then for health, it's fitness coaching. Very simple. Weight loss coaching, bodybuilding coaching, muscle building coaching, etc. Okay? And you can literally just work with people onetoone. It's just a little bit harder because you do need like at least, you know, maybe a couple hundred people that have seen your face online from these videos for one of them to pay you like 500 bucks a month, right? So, regardless of which one you choose, it's just about starting to make money from it in the first 30 to 60 days so you can
[9:11 | t=551] make it feel real, so you don't feel as crazy. And it goes back to this motivation thing of like like the gym is a very socially accepted thing, but it would be a lot more harrowing and isolating if you were the only person you knew who worked out, right? If you were trying to get into fitness, but you knew nobody else who was into fitness. That's like 20 times harder. That's like 50 times harder to actually become consistent at the gym because you feel crazy and you you feel like absurd and you feel judged. And I know exactly what
[9:41 | t=581] that's like. I'm I'm an Asian-American and like growing up like but nobody around me was doing this stuff, right? So, another thing I do recommend is join like an online community. That's why I run my own community. So, I help people feel less alone on this journey and then you can reach the point until you reach the point of escape velocity where you learn content, you build your following. It's around 10K followers and you can just start monetizing like full-time. Okay. But step three, and this one's a really interesting one that I've never seen anybody talk about, is to set a goal outside of content. It's literally
[10:11 | t=611] to turn content into a side hobby. Because what I've noticed from a lot of people is that when you put like an overly high sense of importance onto content creation and growing your following, it can really mess with you and it can really mess with your motivation where suddenly your ego is attached to this thing where it's like, okay, I like I've met a lot of people who are like, I'm going to make content creation my full-time thing and I'm like really going to go ham at it. Kind of like the gym. It's usually like these like people who are like pretty built,
[10:41 | t=641] you know, like a little bit more macho, right? And that kind of like macho mentality of I'm just going to brute force my way with a lot of with like I'm going to spend 8 hours a day on this content stuff every single day. Well, realistically, a video only takes you like one to at most like 4 hours a day. At most 4 hours, if you're putting the most cinematic highlevel editing and scripting level of effort, it's going to take like at most 4 hours. But for me, like on an average day, it takes me like 1 to two hours. So, what do you do with the rest of the 14 hours of your day?
[11:12 | t=672] Well, actually invest into things like your health, into a hobby that you genuinely enjoy outside of it. And one of the things that I did during my own daily posting series is just like I made sure to go to the gym every single day and I was at like one of the best shapes of my life. And that gave me the confidence to then be like, "Okay, well, I'm not making content about nothing. I have something else going for me." And I also was really focused on documenting the journey of building this business. That's what the content series about was I literally made a content series called Road to $100,000 a month. You can see
[11:42 | t=702] here it was in my bio filming every day till $100,000 a month. And that gave me also consistent inspiration for my content. So like the main thing is if you set a goal outside of content, it's going to one help you feel less crazy. Like you want to feel detached from this. So content feels effortless and you start to approach content from like a state of play rather than from this state of stress and work and you have to show up and do it. And yes, I understand once money is tied to it and you start
[12:12 | t=732] making money from it, you can't help but start to feel that way. But if you have something else you're working on outside of content, maybe it's a job, maybe it's school, but you actually care about these things, too, where you're at least like entertaining yourself doing them every single day. It gives you stuff to make content about as well. It's literally content inspiration. Some of my best videos are me taking an hour, like studying for an hour to take a test and that's gotten like 5 million views and on Tik Tok it got like 10 million views, right? And it's literally just so I had something to make content about.
[12:43 | t=763] But it also helps you kind of detach and recognize that, okay, no matter how bad my videos flopped today, at the very least, like I have a life outside of this stuff. But imagine if you're like a video game player, but all you did was play League of Legends for 12 hours a day and then you just had like an insane losing streak and you like demoted like three ranks in one day, bro, you would probably like be borderline suicidal if that happened to you. Same with like if you've been posting daily for seven days in a row and all you do and think about in a daily basis is content and your
[13:15 | t=795] views and then you flop for like a week or two straight and nothing hits, bro. You probably suicidal, bro. like, okay, not really. But that's the level of importance that your brain will probably like and the level level of ego that your brain will probably attach to content when you're so serious about making this a goal because you're watching this video about how I grew 100,000 followers without being lucky. It's like you care about this. You you clearly do. But I want you to actually take a step back. If you are at the point of first 30 days of posting,
[13:46 | t=826] you've already started posting and you recognize now that you can actually start monetizing this too. I want you to actually take a step back and detach and not take this thing so seriously. And I know that's really counterintuitive, but the moment that you actually detach from this and take it a little bit less seriously is the moment that you're actually going to like enjoy it more and the moment that you're going to show up more creatively. And this also goes down to the psychology of creativity. Uh I've read like multiple books on this. I highly recommend too like pick up a book
[14:16 | t=856] if you really got nothing else to do. Uh I got like three book recommendations. One is the the war of art by Steven Presfield. Two is The Creative Act by Rick Rubin. And three is Atomic Habits by James Clear. Any of these books will give you constant inspiration. You'll feel like you're learning and improving as a person rather than just in this magical internet world of influencer follower growth clout, right? Because I do think that can be actually kind of soul draining when all you care about is your follower count and a single number defines your existence. you want to
[14:46 | t=886] detach your ego entirely from your brand and from your content and start to actually have other things in your life that genuinely are passionate about and that it's going to that's going to help you be more compelling as a person online. Like for example, I'm out here traveling in Bali in Indonesia. And it's given me so much more content inspoke than when I've been just stuck in my apartment in New York thinking I'm going to lock in on my content. And I just feel zero creative inspiration. And then I kind of feel like a loser cuz I'm like trying to be like a content creator and
[15:17 | t=917] make content all the time, but then I realize it only takes me like 1 hour as long as I have a good idea, but I don't have any good ideas cuz I'm stuck inside all day. So, I've been like spending a lot of time just like at the gym and like really focused on my gym goals for the past week. And I've like like my content is actually performing better right now on Instagram, right, than one was when I was literally back at home and I was like, "Okay, let me let me like try to make some like really compelling like yapp videos, 30k views, right?" Which is low for me. And then when I actually got to Bali, it's like, "Okay, well, I'm actually locking in on
[15:47 | t=947] just like, you know, living life." 1.6 million views, 200k views, 90K views. This one's at like 88K. If I refresh it, um 90K views. Yeah, there we go. It's like growing pretty fast. So, what my my point with showing all these numbers is that oftent times when you just go out and like do cool [ __ ] that gives you some of the best content to film, right? So, to recap this video, you got step one, daily posting. And I know like 90% of the viewers that watch this video, 95% of the people who are still watching
[16:17 | t=977] this video are probably here in daily posting. And I guarantee like also congratulations for making it through. My retention graphs are not that crazy. So I'm pretty sure only like 20% of the people are still watching at this point. And if you are in that 20% genuinely good good job cuz it takes a lot to like you know hear somebody tell you advice that's like kind of uncomfortable. you have to post daily, which is an incredibly uncomfortable thing, and still watch it and still consume that advice because I know for a fact once I said, "Oh, there's no like I'm not going
[16:48 | t=1008] to tell you like one small tiny hack, right? Despite me literally having data on like hundreds of people that I have personally worked with who have hit 10,000 followers. And despite knowing that data, I guarantee people still will hear that, let it go through one ear and out the other because most people when they like face discomfort, they will just like fold. And and that's why content is hard and that's why not a lot of people succeed with it. It's because it's incredibly uncomfortable. And that's exactly why it's low-key kind of easy. Like you don't have to get lucky.
[17:19 | t=1039] You just have to like face your fear and actually be one of the few people who can actually like put yourself out there consistently and then slowly learn strategically how you can turn that into an income and how you can also start strategizing with your hooks and with your scripting and with your shots. Yes, that does matter. Like I'm not going to pretend like that doesn't matter. Okay, but most importantly, it's like you're going to be in the fastest feedback loop of improvement if you're posting daily as well. And also, you're going to like get into the creative habit where your ideas are going to flow much more consistently if you're posting
[17:50 | t=1070] daily and then eventually detach from that [ __ ] And I know that sounds way easier said than done if you're actually at the point of consistency. It's probably one of the most addicting things to check your views. One of the habits that I would recommend is do not check your views. Do not open social media until it is time to post your next video. I know a lot of people like to think that scrolling on Tik Tok and Instagram is going to help help inspire you to make your next video, but 90% of the time that's not actually true. If you actually want to like make good
[18:21 | t=1101] video ideas, scroll intentionally, set a timer on your phone, have a notes app next to you, and write down all the hooks that you see that you like and you want to implement. Write them down on a piece of paper or on a Google doc. I do that very regularly. If I were to literally show you like right now, like I have um I literally have like a I have a list of hooks actually. Um and I'll leave it in the first link in the description. Usually I charge people for this, but yeah, this is like one of the
[18:52 | t=1132] most useful assets. It's like 255 viral hooks that I've personally scraped that have like gone viral for other creators that I've watched. I literally just like I go to this doc every day. If you don't have anything to post, if I literally go into the stock every single day, I think about what my niche is. So, my niche is self-improvement. It's being Asian. Gen genuinely, that's like kind of my niche, like being Asian-American and building a business and being okay. Let me uh let me look through uh let's see, three steps for becoming uh three steps for
[19:24 | t=1164] becoming an entrepreneur when you're as a young Asian-American. That's not the best hook. Three steps for becoming a legit entrepreneur in your 20s. Three steps for becoming a legit entrepreneur in your teen in your teens or three steps for becoming a legitimate entrepreneur uh in college. Boom. Those are like three hooks. Feel free to steal them, right? And those are videos that I would like genuinely make, right? But yeah, all in all, I really
[19:57 | t=1197] hope this was helpful. And if you do feel like you do want a community of people who are genuinely like consistent with daily posting, I'll pull up our Discord server here. People are posting in there daily like saying good morning. We got coaching calls every single week from experts like Sam for example. He's got like 200,000 followers on Instagram um who are going to teach you exactly how to make your content better, but most importantly support you in this journey of making content cuz it's freaking scary, man. And when you see
[20:28 | t=1228] people winning all the time, right, hitting these massive views, but also hitting smaller wins, like hitting their first like 100,000, okay, 100,000 uh views on Tik Tok, for example, or even just posting their first eight videos and getting like 2,000 views. Like this is one of our newest members, Sam, and he's literally just like celebrating getting 2,000 views. And you got to realize that's amazing. That is amazing that he's even posted for like more than seven days in a row. You see this here? He's really he's he's been consistently grinding the content. There you go.
[20:59 | t=1259] Second art auction videos. Oh, and he's already made 200 bucks from his latest piece. Like boom. Right. Like right there. People who are turning content into their income, making it like an actual part of their life and posting consistently. Okay. If you want all of that and people sharing advice, the first link in the description will help you join Content Academy. It's a paid community. I will make that very clear. It is an investment to join, but if you're interested in also learning UDC, getting placed with one of our partner opportunities as a creator, right? Cuz
[21:30 | t=1290] we have tons of brands who reach out to us who want to work with our creators, uh, then go to that first link in the description and I would love to have you inside our community. We're very welcome. We throw out inerson events too to make sure like everybody like gets together. That's actually like why I'm here in Bali. It's uh I'm at this villa now because we just finished a retreat. But dude, this is literally all from content. And I know I'm kind of rambling here, but like, bro, this is what content has gotten me. That's a pool. It's like the exposure is really overdoing it. But yeah, like this is
[22:00 | t=1320] possible from content creation. The reason why I make these videos is to show you what's possible and to just like help inspire at least maybe one or two more people out there to start content and to change your life because I see it firsthand in our insider community, people changing their lives every single day. I genuinely believe content is one of the most incredible professions that people can have in the 21st century because you get to build an income doing something creative using the highest height of creative
[22:30 | t=1350] consciousness as a human being which I believe is one of the most fun ways to spend your time as a human being and you get to impact hella lives bro like you can put out a video and it could change somebody's life bro one person's life like maybe one of you is watching right now but I guarantee like if you're watching at this point you're probably feeling hella inspired to actually go make a video. So, go make that video, bro, and go inspire somebody else.
