# s048  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thaH6-R7uTY)

[0:00 | t=0] So, in this video, I want to walk you guys through exactly how I went from 50,000 to 450,000 followers on my personal brand while being just an average college student, balancing college and also building my business at the same time. And my first tip for you is that more effort and cleaner content doesn't get you more views. I think I see a lot of people talking about aesthetic Instagram hacks and how to have like the most perfect profile. That is not the problem. Your problem is that you need to get more views. you don't know how to go viral and everybody thinks it's just luck and they want to avoid this touchy topic of I don't I
[0:31 | t=31] don't want to tell people to to that they have to go viral. You do you do have to go viral if you want to grow and this fancy accounting strategy is not going to get you there. You just need better ideas. And when you study the best creators who actually do this full-time, you're going to realize it's not about how aesthetic their profile is. If you look at my profile, it's literally super discombobulated, too. You just need better ideas. You need better ideas for your videos. How do you do that? You need to make stuff simply that people care about and need. I think a lot of people approach content ideation from, oh, what am I doing today? What's going on in my life right now? How can I just like document that? There's this idea that you just need to
[1:02 | t=62] document your life and that you can just become the niche and talk about whatever you want. That's not true. Honestly, they're just feelood lies to make you feel better about having [ __ ] content. But I am here to tell you the absolute truth because there is a vast difference between a thousand view idea and a million view idea. And it's a very subtle difference. One is very self-obsessed. It's very self-centric. the ideation process that most people do. It's me, me, me, me, me, me. What do I care about? What do I think will be easy and interesting to make? No, that's not how viral content is made. You make viral content by thinking about what does the viewer want to know? What does
[1:32 | t=92] the viewer want to learn? What questions does the viewer have in mind within your niche? You got to ask yourself then, who is your ideal viewer persona? Who is this actual person? And I have a notice I have a picture of my younger self [clears throat] here because my video ideas are just an embodiment of what I wish I knew when I was younger. And then I frame these video ideas around how they would help my younger self get through certain problems. And I call this process viewer centric ideiation. So there's two variations of a very similar idea. Let's say you are a
[2:03 | t=123] college creator. One way of going about ideas is come with me to take my exam or come with me to do XYZ. And the problem with that is that it doesn't make the viewer feel like they're actually going to get any value from your video. So what you actually need to do then is reframe your hook bottom up and think about just from the viewer's perspective what would make them most likely to be interested and think in these extremes. this concept. Is it possible to ace an exam? Studying just 1 hour is literally a very similar variation to this concept
[2:34 | t=154] except it's opening the possibility for a viewer to actually get value because I'm answering a question. But when there is nothing for a viewer to be curious about and there's no need or problem being subtly solved by your video, then why would a viewer watch until the end? In fact, why would they watch past your first sentence? Come with me to take my exam. Why would I watch a stranger take an exam? Why would I watch a stranger do anything if I'm not going to get value out of it? And you have to get out of this mindset of what's comfortable for me to film and think just in the
[3:05 | t=185] perspective of how do I provide the most value possible to this person. So the first thing I want you to do is get very clear on your ideal viewer persona and have a literal doc walking you through everything that I have done to understand my ideal viewer persona. Because it's one thing to just say, "Oh, it's my younger self." It's another thing to actually list out all the problems and desires that my younger self actually had. This is my ideal viewer persona. You can see how detailed it is. It's not just, oh, I want to grow a business. Oh, I want to like get more in shape. Oh, I want to command more
[3:35 | t=215] respect from people cuz I was lowkey like bullied a little bit in high school. No, it's very specific. 10K a month lead flow from Instagram alone. This is what I wanted desperately when I was younger. I want to have a cash flowing lead source on autopilot. Just a couple hours spent on tweets and videos per day. And the better that you can understand this actual version of yourself or it's an actual just friend of yours. Maybe it's a client if you run some sort of business like a coaching business or a consulting business. It's your client but you have to write down everything down to a tea down to the numbers. And the better that you can understand how much they respond to
[4:06 | t=246] certain concepts like 10K a month, right? Is that what they care about or do they care about 10K a month working as little time as possible? And that's how you can start crafting these things like hooks in a way where your viewer will actually respond to it. And once you can do that, then your retention will skyrocket past your first 3 seconds. Your skip rate on your reels and your Tik Toks will plummet downwards because your content is actually for once delivering the value that you know somebody out there, even if it's just one person actually needs, not centered around, oh, what do I find interesting?
[4:37 | t=277] I personally think that's quite narcissistic, right? And it's very selfish. And if you think that you deserve views just because you're documenting your random stuff throughout your day with zero thought about how it's actually helping anybody out there, no [ __ ] Your personal brand is not worth watching. Who is it even serving? Why would somebody follow you? You have to think of your personal brand almost like a business that has to continuously provide value because people are paying with their time and attention. And especially in such a competitive market as social media when everyone else is so dialed in, especially the bigger creators. And when you're on the for you
[5:07 | t=307] page or the explore page on Tik Tok or Instagram, your videos are being directly compared right next to Mr. Beast. And then right below it is probably like another creator who's getting a million likes on their post. So how are you supposed to compete if you are just carelessly, aimlessly making videos that have zero direction and zero value directly being provided and zero clarity on the value that you're actually trying to bribe. So if you want, I literally have my ideal viewer persona tool for free in the first link in the description. So you can go check that out and make your own ideal viewer persona. So your first action step is to make your ideal viewer
[5:37 | t=337] persona. I don't care if you aren't in like a educational niche. It still matters because if you're making vlogs, you still have to cater to how do I frame my vlog and my day in a way where people will actually care. And that's the subtle difference between let's say a creator who gets a,000 views on their day in the life versus my 5 to9 after my investment banking 9 to5. There's a subtle difference in the framing and packaging of that hook, but it makes the world of a difference because that specificity is what attracts your audience and your ideal audience that actually resonates and relates to you. Targeting very specific wording that
[6:08 | t=368] resonate with my impatient younger self. Now, the next biggest tip is to simply go do interesting [ __ ] And this is something I don't see enough people talking about too because I I think content advice is often so heavily sugarcoated online that if you can just simply document your life and do it with abundance, you're going to attract your ideal audience. Shut up, bro. That's not true. Look at what content actually made the biggest YouTubers blow up and you're going to realize that they weren't just documenting their life. They not only had compelling ideas, but they actually went out and did something difficult.
[6:40 | t=400] That's the key because if you can do something difficult that not many other people would do and execute on, that's how you build yourself a moat in your personal brand. A very easy example and not many people actually I think remember this, but Mr. Beast when he first blew up on YouTube 8 years ago when he was first getting his first million view video, it was actually him saying a word like 100,000 times. He even made a video I think counting to 100,000. And those videos were like 10 hours plus long. Nobody else on YouTube had ever done something like this. So of course Mr. priest who was not some handsome jacked guy. He wasn't rich at
[7:11 | t=431] the time whatsoever. He didn't have any inherent like celebrity status or a massive amount of money to start. All he did was do something that most people wouldn't even dare to do, which is just sit in front of a camera for 10 hours and do something pretty uncomfortable. The same goes with Ryan Tran's Penny series. This is his biggest series that he's ever done. One of the biggest storytelling YouTubers on YouTube. One of the most renowned storytelling YouTubers. He's not just good at storytelling and scripting. As easy and nice as it sounds to just be able to just sit in your room and just type away at your laptop and suddenly appear with
[7:41 | t=461] a million views tomorrow, that's not actually true. You have to go out and do something. That's what being a creator is. And that's what makes you worth watching as a person, as a viewer. You wouldn't watch me if I didn't tell you that I literally building this following online. And if I hadn't done that, then why would you be here watching me talk about content strategy? You wouldn't. And the same goes with your own content. Go do interesting [ __ ] I'm saying this because I actually did this, too. So, this was me before I actually learned how to do interesting [ __ ] in my content. This was literally back toback videos and this was my first ever 1 million view lifestyle video where I was
[8:12 | t=492] actually documenting being a college creator cuz I was really trying to figure out back in 2023 when I first got back to college. I was like, yo, how do I actually become a lifestyle creator where people know, like, and trust me? For me, that's what everybody wants with their personal brand. You can actually scale a business. You can actually have a loyal audience. So, I was doing all these random ideas like a weighted blanket review. Now, mind you, I was still kind of interested in weighted blankets. But notice how the demand is absolutely tiny. Nobody wants to know about a weighted blanket review. Why? Because it's convenient for me. It's not out of the way for me to get a weighted
[8:43 | t=523] blanket. I already have it and all I did was review it. Now, the video that I made right after that that went absolutely bonkers viral. My first million view video doing any sort of college content was me talking about this was the literal hook. Have you ever wondered if you can overdose on caffeine? Well, me too. today took 800 millig of caffeine and it was the worst day of my life. And I actually took 800 millig of caffeine within the span of 5 minutes and I literally puked that day. Now, am I saying you need to like go out of the way and actually harm your body? No. I actually went like I actually wound up getting on the news for this on
[9:14 | t=554] Business Insider. Okay? And that's not to say that means anything really substantial. Like that didn't impact me, my personal brand or my business. I just thought that was cool that like I was in a news article. Okay? But what I'm trying to say is that cool ideas often require you to go out of the box and do something that you probably wouldn't normally do. You find an idea that people actually have demand over that resonates with your ideal of your persona and then you actually put some skin in the game. That's what being a creator is. That's what being an influencer is. It's leading by example and doing something that probably makes
[9:44 | t=584] you a little bit uncomfortable. So you look at the most motivational influencers, they're probably motivational because they've done something actually impressive. David Gogggins runs like 12 miles every morning. No [ __ ] He's one of the most motivational influencers out there cuz he does something that nobody else is willing to do. Now, I'm not saying you have to do that. Find what resonates with you. For me, it's overdosing on caffeine. You don't have to harm yourself. And this was the other viral series that I was telling you about. Is it possible to ace an exam studying just 1 hour? That content series got 12 million views in
[10:15 | t=615] the best iteration of it. Then got 8 million views on another time. And then another time I did it got like 5 million views. So, you don't have to go out and harm yourself, but execute on interesting ideas. Now, this is something that like not many people would actually do, like actually studying for just 1 hour. Like, I literally went to the library. I lined up the clock just so it would say 12, 12:00 p.m. and just so I could show the clock going up until 1:00 p.m. and then stopping and then leaving. I actually did that in an exam. Okay? So, you don't have to harm yourself physically, but I do think you doing something that
[10:45 | t=645] actually pushes you to some level of discomfort will make you an interesting creator to watch. Especially right, especially if you're just a normal person right now, cuz a lot of people will come to me, especially cuz I work with creators in my private community and I coach them on how to build their own personal brands. They'll tell me, "Yo, I don't have the credibility to actually build a personal brand yet. I don't want to like I want to become eventually like an industry leader, but I don't have the experience yet to go and do that. Okay, yes, you can document your life. But that being said, if you're documenting your life, do something interesting. Don't just stay
[11:16 | t=676] within your comfort zone." And this is a harsh truth. And the reality of being a creator is that it is a competitive market, which means that if you aren't going out and doing something that actually pushes you to do something that most people aren't doing, then of course you're just going to look like every other clone who likes to stay comfortable. But you will realize, you'll very soon realize that you just simply doing anything slightly uncomfortable. Maybe just going out and like complimenting 10 strangers today, fighting my social anxiety by complimenting 10 strangers today. That's probably a video idea that if you execute well and edit well could
[11:47 | t=707] probably get at least 100,000 views. You wouldn't watch somebody who doesn't do interesting [ __ ] So why are you trying to just stay within your comfort zone and not do anything interesting? Okay, that's what being a lifestyle creator is. And if you want to build a a uh personal brand around your life and you and your story, go make a story around your life. And the viral series that I got actually got me from 50,000 to now like $400,000 followers is a series called Road to $100,000 a month where I was literally a broke college student and I was like can I grow a business from 0 to $100,000 a month and then I
[12:19 | t=739] literally just I told myself I'm going to post every single day just showcasing whatever I'm doing until I hit that until I'm not going to stop until I hit that. A year later I actually did grow my business from 0 to $100,000 uh dollars a month, right? But that that series had never been done before of somebody saying, "Yo, I'm going to document every single day until I hit this goal, this crazy goal, especially as just like a broke college student." Okay, so that's what I that's what I challenge you to do. If you actually want to build a personal brand that has longevity and actually stands out, think
[12:50 | t=770] about an interesting idea based on your idea of your persona and then do something that makes you slightly uncomfortable. Because posting every single day as a college student made me deeply uncomfortable. I was so worried right before I started that daily posting challenge of what are people going to think about me? What are my college friends? What are these like college acquaintances I kind of say hi to but like don't really know. They're probably going to judge me because I'm talking about all my insecurities and me trying to do this unconventional business thing, online business thing, and neglecting my college classes and kind of being a student bum, right?
[13:21 | t=801] They're probably going to judge me for doing all these things. And that's the point. That's exactly what I realized differentiated me because no other college student was willing to document their process of building a business while they were actually doing it because you lose so much aura being like a like wannabe entrepreneur who makes $10 a month, $1,000 a month. It looks freaking lame and that's the point. And I realized like if I can just eat that [ __ ] I will probably build a a very valuable personal brand of people who actually know, like, and trust me. Now, lastly, let's actually talk about how to
[13:52 | t=832] save time and how I was able to balance being a student and also being a creator and running up my online business, right? Because that concoction of really interesting things of me actually living my life and having new unique experiences and stories to tell alongside making like daily content helped me build my personal brand in the last 2 years to 400,000 followers as a 22-year-old now. Right? So, the first thing I want you to do is go to that first link in the description and get my cheat sheet for today's video, which is
[14:22 | t=862] also going to walk you through my minimum viable video editing format. Okay? But the the main thing I want you to learn from this is that you need to stop doing low ROI content tasks. So, specifically, I see a lot of people talking about things like, oh, what VFX should you add into the edits of your video? Which might overwhelm you to think, oh, I need to learn all this complex editing. You don't. You can edit on Cap Cut. I have only ever edited my videos on my phone. On my iPhone, that's where I edit every single one of my short form videos that get millions of
[14:52 | t=892] views on my iPhone in Cap Cut. Okay, so you don't need fancy VFX. Okay, you don't need some aesthetic background. Once again, were these videos filmed in an aesthetic background like this million view video or was it filmed literally in my bedroom with just a blue LED light in the background? Was this filmed with an aesthetic background or did I literally just go to my college campus and film a video? You have to stop being in this frame of like, "Oh, I need this extra thing. I need a more expensive camera in order to go viral." You don't. It's usually some form of
[15:22 | t=922] cope. And I hear this very often, like, "Oh, I just need a more expensive camera. Maybe I need to hire an editor." When in reality, the bottleneck is you and your skill set and your understanding of what actually goes viral. But the good thing is that's actually learnable. So today I want to walk you through at least what doesn't have any impact really towards your virality. Okay. So when I stripped down all of a video to its just primary components so I was able to post daily while in college while balancing my business. I realized that I needed to scrap a lot of this perfectionist
[15:52 | t=952] mindset that I have. And this is what came to be the minimum viable video format which allowed me to still grow 100,000 followers in the span of around 4 months while I was in my last semester of college. while starting my online business and growing it from zero to 10K a month. Okay, so the first thing is to think of a main idea. We just talked about that, but based on your ideal viewers, desires, interests, and daily pains. Now, pains I really want to highlight because a lot of times videos and Tik Toks and reals exist to solve
[16:22 | t=982] problems. And the best way to capture somebody's attention in a very quick manner is to highlight a relatable pain that you share with that person. So, if I told you that I had a cure to having 300 view jail or 500 view jail every time you wake up and you see your video flopped, you'd probably listen more so if I just said, "Oh, here's how I make my videos. Here's how I edit my videos." That's a lot less appealing of a packaging because it doesn't like lean into a relatable pain that you probably
[16:52 | t=1012] feel. So, the more visceral and relatable of a pain that you can actually describe in your first sentence or the more visceral of a desire that you can actually describe in your first sentence, the more likely the video is actually going to do well. The second is to make sure to write your hook in a way that actually uh follows a framework of viral proven hooks. So, I actually have a list of viral hooks and if I go to the uh this document, I'll actually show you linked in this document. I also have a list of 255 viral hooks that you can
[17:22 | t=1042] literally steal, right? And I literally just want you to, if you're stuck at any point on the packaging of your video, just go to this document and just pick one hook. Here's how to actually uh build a business. Here's how to actually grow a following online without getting lucky. Use the use these three methods, for example, or use a minimum viable video format. So, that's an example of me just stealing a hook right there from this list of hooks. Okay? Okay, I do this all the time whenever I feel stuck. So I don't have to think for 30 minutes on what hook I should use. You just pick
[17:52 | t=1072] one and run with it and then try to make it as specific and relatable as possible. Okay, next one is to script. And actually, if you don't have time to script your full video, I actually want to challenge you to just try doing three bullet points. And if you can get used to just simply yapping on top of just bullet points, it's going to one help you actually become a much more articulate speaker. Like I am now able to riff this entire video pretty much without a script. Like this is the this is the level of script that I have. This is not a script. It's just a bunch of pictures, right? I'm able to actually
[18:22 | t=1102] riff off the ideas of this because I have so much experience just going unscripted on my videos. And if I actually do need a script, I just write down my hook. I write down whatever story I want to cover. And then I write down whatever takeaway that I have in the video. So, for example, if I'm talking about like me documenting my journey of how I went from 0 to 100K a month as a college student, then that would probably be my hook. Like, this is the story of how I went from 0 to 100K a month as a college student. My personal story would probably be something regarding like me talking to my mom
[18:53 | t=1133] about dropping out and having this argument with her. And then the takeaway would be that uh you need to take action regardless of like whatever people are telling you. Okay, this is like a very simple example. I'm just thinking off the top of my head, but my point being that you usually want to start with a hook obviously to capture your viewers's attention. Then one of the best ways to actually make a story flow is to cover your personal story first. Don't go and just start spitting advice the first thing that you do in your video. That's
[19:24 | t=1164] a very easy way to turn off your ideal viewer because you haven't proven to your viewer yet that you know what you're talking about and that you can actually resonate and help them. So instead of giving them advice outright at the beginning of the video, I usually opt to give any advice that I have towards the end. Okay? And that's kind of the framework I'm following for this YouTube video, too. This is like the actual hard tangible advice on content strategy. But you wouldn't believe me if I didn't shower through a bunch of proof throughout the video in the form of me telling many stories about my experience growing my audience. The same goes with
[19:55 | t=1195] your videos. If you don't sell your viewer on why you are actually the one person to listen to and like why your story actually can help them, then your advice means nothing to them and they're going to take it with a grain of salt. They're going to instantly scroll and get turned off if anything if you try to give them unsolicited advice. Like imagine some random person on the street, cuz that's what you are to a random viewer, comes up to you and they tell you, "Here's why perfectionism is killing your gains." Bro, I'm going to be like, "Bro, what the [ __ ] are you talking about? You're a stranger. Why are you telling me this? like, "Stop giving me unsolicited advice." Like, ew.
[20:26 | t=1226] You know, and I'm probably going to be like I'm I'm literally going to have my guard up and be like, "What the hell is wrong with you? Like, who is this weirdo telling me like how I need to live my life?" The same goes with your video. If you haven't proved if you haven't proven with a story that you can actually resonate with your viewer, then they're not going to have any buying towards your advice. And as a result, they're not going to take away actually any any of the real value that you probably want to provide to your viewer. And they're probably also just going to like dislike you because they're they're not going to trust you. And trust is obviously very
[20:56 | t=1256] low on social media just because you are a stranger at the end of the day. Okay? And for you to actually become known to a person, you need to tell your story first and give them proof. Okay? Now, next, filming. I literally just film on my iPhone camera. I will prop up my phone um literally like this, right? And then I will just start speaking to the camera. Literally just like this. Just like this. like I'm on a FaceTime call and sometimes I try to be a little bit more animated and then I don't stop the video until it is fully finished recording because like it allows you to
[21:28 | t=1288] sell into a flow state while you're filming where you actually can imagine a real conversation with a human being rather than just cutting off every sentence during your script. It allows you to actually settle into a flow and sort of just using your natural vocabulary because it's very hard to actually talk to a camera. That's one of the like most difficult things of becoming a creator is getting used to this. So if you can try and immerse yourself and become present and grounded while you are speaking to the camera by just not like stopping the camera at any point and just allowing yourself to be
[21:59 | t=1319] seen by this metal box and be here with the camera, you're going to realize, oh, I can actually be myself. Nothing's going to happen if I stumble over a word. I can just [clears throat] I can just keep talking. Okay? and nothing's going to happen. But a lot of times we have this anxiety of needing to be perfect. And as a result, it's going to make it 10 times harder to even just get into a flow while we're speaking. So then our video just ends up sounding choppy because we're we we're so clearly saying each line at a time trying to deliver it in a very specific way and
[22:29 | t=1349] then we watch over all the lines strung together and it just looks really weird. You don't want to you really want to avoid that effect by just letting yourself ramble the entire script. If you mess up, that's fine. Don't hit cut. Okay? That's also just going to save you a little bit of time in the filming process as well, okay? Cuz if you're start stopping, start stopping. You're just going to waste a ton of time. And I I've spent literally 2 hours filming my videos before, just the talking head for like a 60-second reel. I've also spent literally 3 minutes filming the the talking portion of a reel. And usually
[22:59 | t=1379] when I spend less time filming, I actually do better. The video actually does better. And I think it's because of a spontaneous, genuine energy that I can bring to the camera when I'm just simply present with the person. And that's what people are seeking at the end of the day when they are following a person or a personal brand is they're seeking authentic connection with a human being. So bring that to the camera. And the best way to do that is not just by like ditching a script. Like you can still script because that helps provide you the structure, right? But just don't hit stop. It's one of the biggest tips that
[23:29 | t=1409] I have. Okay. And the last one, editing. These are just quickfire tips. If you want more tips, I have a like more in-depth video linked below on how you can actually like learn how to edit like a pro. But these are the four biggest tips. First one is to do this thing called transcript based editing in Caput. And that cuts your footage down without needing to watch the whole thing. You can just watch look at the transcript and you can see every time there's a big pause in your speech and then Cap Cut allows you to just cut that out. >> Okay. The next one I want you to do is
[23:59 | t=1439] trim out any dead space. Any points in your video that there is more than a 0.3 second pause in between your speech. Okay. Now, third is to rewatch your video and determine the emotion. This is a little bit more difficult and nuance, but I want you to ask yourself, what emotion am I trying to evoke in my viewer during my video? Is it [clears throat] intense? Is it sad? Is it nostalgic? Is it hope? Is it corore? Is it inspirational? Ask yourself that and then find a song and only the instrumental because you don't want
[24:29 | t=1469] lyrics in your song competing with your voice that actually matches that emotion. And then lastly, add B-roll. B-roll, by the way, is when just another footage is layered on top of your talking footage. So, right now, me talking to the screen right now is A-roll. And I guess you can consider the screen share that I'm showing B-roll cuz I'm showing it on top. It's the B the secondary uh footage, right? Add B-roll only to clarify your sentences or words, not just for for visual stimulation. This is actually a key thing, but a big thing that you want to optimize for in
[24:59 | t=1499] your videos is understanding and clarity rather than just mere stimulus and dopamine. A lot of people think that you just need to dopamine fry your viewers with your editing. Just quick cuts, lots of noise, sound effects, and everything like that. But in reality, a lot of people just like watching slightly calmer videos where they just actually feel like they're watching a real human being. So, your editing should feel intentional only to help a viewer understand what you're saying, not like just so you can like dopamine fry your viewer. Okay, so those are my three biggest tips when it comes to actually
[25:30 | t=1530] building your personal brand. And that's how I was able to grow so fast. Once again, to reiterate, the the main lesson I want to tell you guys today is that it's not about like what strategy that you're employing and what aesthetic strategy you're employing. Notice how I didn't give you an actual posting strategy. I told you the raw principles. What actually gathers attention on social media? What retains people's attention? That is what social media is. It's the game of viewer psychology. Are you making things that viewers actually want to watch? And then are you actually making your videos in a way that keeps
[26:01 | t=1561] them retained and actually delivers the value and the promise that you said in your first 3 seconds. Okay? And if you can do that, you're actually going to gain an audience of people who like you and trust you and want to continuously watch your work. Okay? And I also want to make the key differentiation here. It's not about your page. It's not about like the broad aesthetic. It's about your videos. Every single video that you put out is a unique chance to go viral and build your audience. And you need to treat it like that with that level of care that if you aren't putting that level of effort and you don't have that
[26:31 | t=1591] level of intentionality with your video, don't expect it to go viral. Don't treat it like this game of pure luck. Understand that yes, you need to put in a ton of reps, but you don't need to just get lucky one day. You can really try to put yourself in the shoes of the viewer who's watching your videos and then ask yourself, would I personally want to watch this video if I were them? And nine times out of 10, if the video didn't do well, the answer is probably no for some reason. Whether it's the editing, the scripting, the hook, maybe it's the way the video was filmed. Maybe it's just the energy that you gave off on camera. Genuinely, that can happen sometimes, and that's okay. So, that's
[27:01 | t=1621] why my last piece of advice to you, my bonus piece of advice is just to post daily and find a group that keeps you accountable. Find people that will actually keep you accountable to your goals because content is a very lonely process. And that's why I actually have a private community. We have four coaching calls every single week where I can actually hop on calls with you live amongst the other group members of this community and answer your questions, give you feedback on your content, right? And there are people who are winning every single day because they are in such a supportive community. June does just hit 400 followers, right?
[27:31 | t=1651] Aaron hit 5K on YouTube. Gabriel hitting 5K followers on IG. One of our members, Richard, who joined around like 60 to 90 days ago, just got a payment of $16,000 for doing UGC for a company called Whisper Flow, and he generated 20 million views for them. He was a beginner when he started content, and he joined our content academy. So, if you're interested in surrounding yourself with a group of people who are absolutely dialed in and getting coaching from me alongside three other experts of content creation every single week, I highly recommend checking out that third link in the description,
[28:02 | t=1682] right, to join Content Academy. Thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure to subscribe. I'll catch you guys in the next one.
