# s050  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ea13Cb6t3k)

[0:00 | t=0] 3 years ago, I formulated this protocol called the ideal viewer persona, and it helped me grow my personal brand on Tik Tok from zero to 100,000 followers in 30 days. Now, [music] this ideal viewer persona protocol is the process of choosing the one person that your videos are for and then [music] making all of your scripts and editing decisions around that singular viewer. This is how I was able to create video scripts in those 30 days that [music] were simple but got 500,000 views plus every single time. And so in this video, I'm going to walk you guys through exactly how to write your hooks and scripts of your videos that speak to your ideal viewer
[0:30 | t=30] persona's soul so you can go viral as well, but more importantly, [music] build an audience for your personal brand that likes you, trusts you, and buys [music] anything that you sell. So this is how to find your ideal viewer persona. Your ideal viewer persona, ideally somebody that you know. So Cle is my friend. Cle is my best friend from college. He was my like freshman year roommate. Having a person that you know, like a friend that you know, helps you like actually imagine you're talking to them and then write down exactly what they want. This was a time when my friend was actually starting content and he was asking me like how to develop an audience and do it in a genuine way. Like key word here, I'm going to highlight the stuff that really made the
[1:01 | t=61] difference. And then he wants to support financial freedom and online income. Those were important to him and that's slightly different for a lot of people because specific things for certain people are broadly relatable for everyone. But if you're specific to nobody, then you're going to like be non-relatable to everybody. Then also there's a bunch of objections. I don't have anything to sell. I am busy. I'm busy grinding. I'm busy socializing. I'm busy self-improving. Like I'm going to the gym. I already have too much on my plate. I already understand hooks. I'm too lazy to edit my captions. These are not things that he told me, but I was just like assuming it. And now I'm going to show you guys the actual beginning
[1:31 | t=91] part of my video and you're going to see how much of it was tailored specifically to solve his problems. I'm going to actually go to the video now. How I grew 200k followers in a year working 90 minutes a day. This is the I don't have time objection. And we're solving it in the working 90 minutes a day because a busy college student is not going to be able to work more than like 90 minutes a day, right? Or maybe they could, but it's like easier pill to swallow that way. Let's see the next one. Do it in a genuine way. Go viral authentically. That's the best performing thumbnail. People have come up to me like, "Yo, you're the go viral authentically guy on YouTube, right?" I
[2:01 | t=121] was like, "Sure, I guess." And then in the actual hook of the video, right? Because the title and thumbnail of a YouTube video is realistically basically your hook of a Tik Tok or real. I was really focused on making sure the viewer feels heard on these things. I don't have anything to sell yet. I want to create financial freedom. So, a lot of it was around money. So, notice what I did here. Once I posted 259 videos, started an online business, start an online business, B-roll shows money, made $260,000 from said online business. So, we've answered that problem and desire and objection within the first 6
[2:32 | t=152] seconds. We've addressed this. We've kind of addressed this because I said, "I started an online business. Uh, I am busy grinding, socializing, self-improving because of college." Dropped out of college and so I was in college. So, that kind of addresses this one. And then, I already understand hooks. I'm too lazy to edit my captions. Now, for those of you who think you understand, folks, and you're ready to scroll off or get to the next part of the section. I I just had a feeling that when people would watch the video, they would assume that they knew what what I'm talking about already. How many of you guys here in the chat like watched a video that's how to do hooks?
[3:02 | t=182] Use this viral hook. Oh, steal steal this viral hook. This is a challenge hook. This is a visual hook. Blah blah blah. Like, there's so many things about steal the hook. There's not much about understand the hook. And that's what I'm trying to do here as well with the idea of your persona is like an ideal viewer persona framework is a way of also solving and creating hooks. It's a way of also solving and creating scripting. Now for those of you who think you understand hooks and you're ready to the idea of your persona even informs my editing process. It informs which parts to really emphasize based on what I believe they're thinking. And this is why if you choose an idea of
[3:33 | t=213] your persona you know and that you've like actually conversed with is so much easier because then now you like can do all of these more complex empathetic mental gymnastics cuz you're like yes of course they're going to think about this all to really address this objection. So I think like I really like the objections framework because realistically like all of you guys here who are making content to like help people out you guys have a lot of these advice and talking points that you really want to help them with which is great. That's why we are here to create content because we have a message that we clearly want to share. Now, the game, the creative game is how to sell
[4:03 | t=243] somebody on actually wanting to watch you, give them that advice because the actual advice that works with content is really unsexy. If I'm going to tell them exactly how they should be editing their videos, they damn well sure need a reason to actually trust me and believe that I know the information that's going to help them and I know what it's like to like be them. So, in order to do that, it's just a ton of building relatability and breaking down their objections. Another part too, it's like if you're making talking head educational content, it's very closely tied to sales principles because you are
[4:33 | t=273] selling somebody on giving you their attention. In order for somebody to sit through even 90 seconds or 60 seconds of their time base level that you're starting with at the beginning of the video is like 0% trust. You're you're here and now as you build you handle their objections. You predict what they're saying. You give them actual like unique value. Their trust meter to watch the next part of the video kind of goes like here and then here and they here. So later on in the video, you can kind of be more loosey goosey, like joke around and stuff, but towards the hook, I'm like super like militant with my cuts, with my scripting. If every word
[5:04 | t=304] is not like hitting to the viewer, that incorporates some level of persuasion and some level of like relatability and understanding, then it's probably losing retention. So an action step for you guys then for those of you guys who do want to like script using this ideal viewer persona framework, before your next video, write down a person and then write down any objections that they would have towards your method. So let's say you have a solution in mind of like whose question I asked earlier? Malt, right? Malte, you want to sell people on like the entrepreneur mentorship, which I'm going to guess is like creating content and starting a business. Who are
[5:35 | t=335] they? Are they like a young person? What objections does a young person have? And then it's easier if you know the exact young person. And realistically, what's top of mind for young people is incredibly different from what's top of mind to like somebody who's in college versus postrad. Literally a difference of like four years. That makes a massive difference. Like that's night and day. So when people also say my IVP, my ICP is 18 to 24, you got to realize an 18 and 24 year old, as a person who's in between 18 to 24, like I can like see how like desires have like rapidly shifted every year. In fact, every like
[6:05 | t=365] 3 months, the desire shifts, bro, depending on if it's final season or not final season for a college student, the desire rapidly shifts. Sometimes the best content that I make comes right off the bat of a coaching call or talking onetoone with somebody because that's when I know it's super fresh and top of mind that I could close my eyes and imagine conversing with them and that I could imagine what they're saying back to me or at least thinking back, you know, like in the minute ways where like I don't think my friend actually told me this or I don't think people have actually told me I already understand hooks like shut up. But you can kind of like sense these things. Let me know in the chat if this made sense or you have
[6:35 | t=395] any questions. This is something I'm like super passionate about because this is low-key like the bread and butter of like every like aspect of the decision-m of the content that I create. Now, Jordan asked, "So, basically to think of convos you've had with friends where you gave advice and use that to help." Yes. For those of you guys who've used the script template that I've uh given out, I'm going to drop it in the chat actually cuz this goes a little bit deeper into the specific application of it. This script template itself got me from 0 to 100k followers on Tik Tok in a single month. Like copy pasting this template. I've only ever done
[7:05 | t=425] freestyle talking head videos, but this makes me want a fully scripted content. So, this is another kind of correlated question, which is, well, then should you script your videos or should you not? Scripting videos, I still think allows you to think through this entire thing. So, imagine you're conversing with a friend and you're like debating with them or you're like trying to convince them of a thing. If you're just trying to like freestyle in the moment, you might sound more passionate and your tonality might come out better and your energy might be there, but then your thoughts just might be combobulated. Let's say my friend asked me for content advice and then I'm sitting there and I'm like, "Wait, wait. I persona wait
[7:36 | t=456] actually. Editing, editing, editing. Wait, wait, wait, wait. No, consistency, consistency." And then he's just sitting there like, "What the [ __ ] is this guy saying?" So scripting allows you to not do that where you're just like, "Wait, wait, wait. This thing. Oh, no, no, no. This thing." Like these like ADHD jumps where you're like back and forth, back and forth. Now, that can be entertaining on camera, but that's also just not that helpful. So, like the most helpful version of you is probably a version of you that like writes out their thoughts. But the more entertaining version is probably the one that's yapping. So to understand the mental models of scripts, I would script out first. Now after scripting probably like 100 plus videos,
[8:07 | t=487] I have this memorized. It's like a hook proof explanation takeaway. Hook proof explanation takeaway. And then I kind of know what that means. But that's because I wrote that down on paper a ton of time. But like before I did that, if I was trying to make these videos, like when I said like 0 to 100k followers in a month on TikTok, during that period, I was scripting every single one of my videos and I spent six hours on each one. So like I just sped ran the process of learning content in that month cuz it was a new format that I was learning. I just sped ran that because I was putting so many hours into this and I was like watching videos all the time about content by the way too. So realistically like my brain was thinking about content for like 12 hours every day. The other
[8:38 | t=518] four hours are probably like gym or like how to get better at talking to girls or something. I don't know. Parallels between sales and talking head videos. Yes. Because all content is persuasion. Content is like mass psychology, right? And and I'm glad that we can have this level of complexity in these calls because if I was making like a Instagram real or YouTube video about this, people are like, "But what about posting times?" [laughter] Or like what about hashtag? Wait, how does that affect it? It like doesn't. Could you even niche a niche? Yes. So, like the nichest of niches is your ideal viewer. Because eventually you get to the point with your niche where it's like, I want to make self-development content. Well, what kind of self-development content? Well, I want to make a fitness video.
[9:08 | t=548] Well, now the video idea, what is a fitness video? The idea for my fitness video is going to be how I went from like skinny fat to jacked in 3 months using systems. Now, how do I script the video? And then you go into this. And eventually, you go from your niche to then your video idea and then to your video script. And by that point, you've gone from a niche to like a person. And that's like I think the best form of content is like when you're talking to a person. That's at least the form of content I like watching. And that AI cannot replace is your understanding of another human being. AI can replace delivery. It can replace like the part
[9:38 | t=578] of you that understands how to make visuals, how to edit. It's not going to replace the part of you that understands who you're talking to behind the screen and really knows them. I think the people who win at this game of like content persuasion are the ones who can really make the person across the screen feel heard. I have problem with overexlaining everything. I write my scripts include so much unnecessary fluff. Well, in order to concise down fluff, you got to ask yourself, would this person want to watch this part of the video? Would they care or would they like kind of eye roll? Cuz another part of it, too, right? And this is like layer layer three of the scripting
[10:08 | t=608] process now, is you now know what they want. You now know what they're going to object to. Now, you have to address their objections in a way that they'll actually want to hear it. That's really weird and difficult. Like, that's actually weird. Now, it's kind of this game of making sure you don't just say, "Hey, you uh you you're busy grinding, socializing, and self-improving." Like, you sound like a doctor. Like, you're busy grinding and socializing, so here's how to fix that. Like, what? [laughter] Like, that just sounds weird. Now, the creative problem solving of scripting now is like, how do you do it in a
[10:38 | t=638] creative way? That's where I think creativity comes in. It's like that's where the creativity comes in now where you're like making them feel they don't hate me while I'm persuading them because it's really easy to hate a salesperson. It's really easy to like dislike a person who's on camera because they're trying to get something out of you. They're trying to persuade you. Now, how do you kind of do it in a likable way? How do you do it in a way like that makes them maybe laugh? Like my preferred method of persuasion is often times humor cuz I think that's a great rapport builder. Uh but there's other ways of doing it. What kind of personality are you? You know, this is where your personality probably comes into play and then it like harmonizes well. What is your preferred mechanism
[11:08 | t=668] of talking to your viewer? For me, I'm like a joking person. Like I I'm like largely unserious and so that's like my method of like persuasion. But if you're a more stern personality, perhaps you're a more like somber, reflective personality, then you lean more into that while addressing the objection. I hope that was that was very helpful and insightful towards the the scripting and ideal viewer process. Awesome. All right. Wait, that was an excerpt from one of my coaching calls in our private community, Content Academy, where we teach you how to go viral directly, where you can ask me questions alongside three other coaches on weekly calls. So,
[11:39 | t=699] if you do want to get access to these private calls where they're an hour long where you can actually hop on a call and talk to me and ask me questions on how to grow your personal brand, feel free to go to that first link down below and click apply to join our community if you do want to fast track your personal brand growth. Other than that, I will see you guys in the next valuepacked YouTube video. Catch you guys in the next one. Peace.
