# s051  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7FF6ybra5k)

[0:00 | t=0] So, I made $26,000 in the span of two hours. And that same night, I also relapsed to porn. And I want to tell you guys a story of how this happened. This is a very raw and vulnerable story. So, it was November 21st, 2024. And that was the most amount of money I'd ever made in a single day, $26,511. [music] It was during a 2-hour launch presentation of a product that I had been working on for the past 60 days. And I didn't realize it at the time, but I think that was also the day that [music] I started to really hate working on my business. Every day for the 60
[0:30 | t=30] days [music] leading up to that launch, I woke up and immediately stared at that date on my whiteboard, November 21st, 2024. [music] I pretty much forced my brain to think about and care about nothing else outside of that November 21st launch. I cared so much about that launch, the launch presentation, marketing the launch on my Instagram, and then building out the actual course modules for that launch that I basically didn't work out for that entire month. Every time I was facetiming my girlfriend at night, my brain was probably half thinking about what work I needed to [music] do the next day to even work on that launch. And then after
[1:01 | t=61] 60 days of perfecting and grinding this launch presentation, [music] building out a 100 slide presentation on Canva, getting 2,000 people to sign up to watch this live presentation on November 21st, [music] 2024 at 7:00 p.m. It was done. And during that 2-hour launch presentation, we made $26,511. Holy [ __ ] Today [music] is November 21st, and we launched a new product, Content Academy 2.0. Literally in the span of like [music] 2 hours, I think we made 24 grand. Uh, this is the most
[1:31 | t=91] amount of money I've ever made. [music] And immediately after, I felt sad and confused. So, in that feeling of confusion, [music] I decided I should probably celebrate. That's probably why I'm feeling a little bit empty inside. So, I went out to K Town, went [music] to the nicest K barbecue restaurant. I spent 150 bucks on some nice ass Chadurbagi, got myself a soju to [music] drink alone at the restaurant. That was my first time ever drinking alone for the first time ever. I I hate drinking and for some reason I did it because I thought that would make me feel [music]
[2:01 | t=121] better in the celebration. So then after finishing this amazing dinner, frankly, that I ate on my own. I stumbled back to my apartment and then I just sat down on my desk, stared at the $26,000 [music] on my screen and I asked myself, now what? I still felt like I owed myself a crazy celebration after feeling like I had sacrificed 60 days of my happiness to [music] work for that one moment. But I just sat there in my New York City apartment for a good like 30 minutes, half tipsy, alone and staring [music] at
[2:31 | t=151] that $26,000 on my screen, hoping that looking at it for longer would make me feel something. I chose not to call up any of my friends [music] to celebrate cuz I would just feel kind of out of touch, like gloating and flexing. And it's also weird because I was wise enough to know that I should invest half of the $26,000. is I should save about 25% to invest in business expenses [music] and I should save about 25% for taxes. So, I'd have no money left to splurge [music] on stupid shiny objects because I don't think I'm materialistic. I didn't want to buy a nice watch or a
[3:01 | t=181] car with that money. But that also made me feel kind of sad [music] because it just felt like I'd spent the last 60 days of grinding of somewhat losing my sense of self outside of work [music] just to transfer money around into saving accounts. And I started feeling this [music] mix of all these confusing emotions, still half tipsy, alone in my dream [music] New York City apartment, staring still at those $26,000 on my MacBook screen. And I thought, "This can't be it, right?" So, I started doing anything I could. I started scrolling
[3:32 | t=212] Tik Toks on my phone. Maybe the [music] cheap dopamine would finally make me feel something. Then, about an hour into me just hunting for something that would make me feel [music] something in celebration, I did the unthinkable. I relapsed to porn that night. Something that [music] I was very convinced that I had cut out of my life. Something that my girlfriend and I had established months prior was basically cheating in our relationship. And by 1:00 a.m. that night, I found myself laying there [music] in my intentionally tiny twinsized bed so I could focus more on work, feeling
[4:03 | t=243] ashamed, guilty, and empty. I turned a $26,000 celebration [music] into one of the worst nights of my life. Now, I think many of you might hear this story and think instantly, oh, it's of course money was the root of all of this evil and shame, which is fair. A part of me started to despise making money and even building businesses after that, believing subconsciously that making more money turned me into a more wretched person. And after wrestling with that internal dissonance for the past year while still building my
[4:33 | t=273] business, that same business, I believe that concept is wrong. I believe it's oversimplified. And I don't hear enough people talking about this because how can any of us work hard if money the primary incentive structure of [ __ ] society is evil. Then we're all doomed to live in this cognitive dissonance for the rest of our working lives. And I just didn't buy that personally because after all maybe all the people who buy Rolexes and shiny cars with their money, they're the ones who idolize money and get lost. But I don't do that stuff and you watching probably relate to that too. We save and invest our money. So we
[5:03 | t=303] couldn't possibly be idolizing the money then, right? if we're not even going to spend it on stupid [ __ ] But I think what I've realized is that the idolization of money is a lot more subtle and nefarious than materialism and degeneracy. I really like this quote from King Solomon from Proverbs in the Bible. Do not wear yourself out to get rich. Have the wisdom to show restraint. That's Proverbs 23:4, I believe. Now, I think once you start making money, you're faced with these two voices in your head. The first one, which you know is wrong, is the voice that tells you to
[5:34 | t=334] stay complacent and don't chase any form of growth because it's evil. I think that's like an ADIQ interpretation of wisdom. It shuns hard work and pursuing goals. But you're also faced with this other voice inside your head, which you also know to be wrong deep down, which is the hyonic treadmill. This idea that buying more expensive things is the key to more happiness, which you know is a falsity. But then is it even possible to be happy while making a lot of money? Like maybe the key is just to just like absolve all desire for growth, sell it
[6:04 | t=364] all, get get rid of all of it. But a couple months back, I read this quote from Marcus Aurelius, one of the most powerful Roman emperors ever. Even in a palace, life can be led well. Even when you have all of the things that life has to offer you that will kind of distract you and be all these shiny objects that start to make you feel a little bit empty and numb inside, you can still live an incredibly happy and meaningful and purposeful life. ironic, but I've felt that brought me a lot of peace inside because I think working hard for a goal that is meaningful to you is
[6:35 | t=395] still one of the beauties of life. But I've also come to realize with my own two eyes, from my own lived experience, not just from like wisdom in a book, that getting the pot of gold at the end in business is genuinely less happy than the pursuit of the goal itself. And to think back to like the happiest I felt in high school when I was hard grinding League of Legends, I still remember back to the last day of the season. I was hard grinding, ranked from 6:00 p.m. to 12:00 a.m. with full focus, memorizing all of the builds, queuing up every 5 minutes, hopping on Discord calls with all my teammates just so we could win
[7:06 | t=426] and just so I could rank up to plat 4 before the end of the season. But the joy I got from actually seeing that shiny platform icon in my League of Legends profile lasted about like 10 minutes. And so I stopped really playing ranked League of Legends after hitting that milestone. I stopped caring. And I think the reality of an incredibly exciting pursuit followed by a somewhat underwhelming realization of the gold at the end of that pursuit is an inevitability that will continue for the rest of our lives as people who love chasing goals. Now, that doesn't mean chasing goals is evil and that it's
[7:37 | t=457] empty. It's one of the most exciting things in life that brings me the most joy. And I hated when people told me that I am just getting lost in this pursuit. But there's two methods that I think I had to learn in the past year to help me still stay in love with the work of business without getting drained by this constant up and down and feeling underwhelmed. And the first one is to invest a scary amount of money into people who win when you win in business. So, I'm currently chasing a 200k month in my business. And there's nothing that excites me more than the idea of
[8:08 | t=488] rewarding my head of operations, Justin, with a fat bonus when we hit that goal together. cuz he's been helping me build this business, Content Academy, for the past year. And there's nothing I want to do more than to see him win in the business, too. And to see him build like a genuine career out of this. That brings me so much more joy than seeing a number in my own bank account go up. And I think it's really reminding myself in those moments where I feel scarce and I'm like, wait, like maybe I'm not paying myself enough like [ __ ] [ __ ] Like my profit margins are low. Does that make me like a stupid loser in front of all the other cool entrepreneur guys who take like 90% profit margins?
[8:39 | t=519] And I think to this frame of in my last day alive, what would I feel the most happiest doing? And I think I feel the most joy and invigoration when I see other people feeling just as much joy with me because there's nothing worse of a feeling than feeling on top of the world and then just feeling [ __ ] lonely as [ __ ] and feeling like there's nobody else that you can smile with. and just knowing that if you like tell anybody of the wins and the joy that you're experiencing, it's just going to be met with maybe judgment and misunderstanding, which I think is
[9:09 | t=549] natural when running your own business. But having other people that genuinely are incentiv I think is what makes things exciting. It's what makes video games and sports exciting when you're playing on a team. Second is to go really hard on my hobbies outside of business. This is something I realized very recently because the hard part about actually having hobbies outside of business is I actually think it's really hard because business like any other video game is incredibly addictive and can make you glued to your screen for 12 hours a day just like any other video game. Literally checking the numbers on
[9:39 | t=579] my screen of how many sales we got is this dopamine hit that will keep me glued to my bed. Every single morning when I wake up, I feel this intense pull of addiction to check my phone and check the number of sales that we got and the amount of money that we made overnight to get that dopamine hit instantly injected into my veins. But I know instant gratification and living for that shot of dopamine is not something that brings me happiness long term. And I know if I get too caught up in that, then I'm just not going to want to work out. I'm not going to want to do the things that actually bring joy to my soul deeply, like journaling, meditating, reading, wisdom. So,
[10:10 | t=610] understand that you might love the work and you might love working on your business, but the path to a healthy life is still probably the path of a little bit more resistance. Like, I really don't want to work out right now. I I want to hop off after I film this video, edit it, post it, and then go work on my like email funnel right after this. But I know I'm probably going to end the day then and feel like [ __ ] and feel like I've sacrificed my whole day to feel nothing at the end of it if I haven't at least worked out and actually put in like 100% presence into working out because that brings me joy today. And I
[10:40 | t=640] really want [clears throat] to emphasize this because it's really [ __ ] annoying to wake up and have to like instead of check my phone and start working to like go to my desk and journal and remember my why. Like I don't give a [ __ ] about that. I want to see numbers go up on my screen, bro. That's what gives me dopamine, bro. It's literally like a video game. But don't let that feeling of wanting to get the dopamine of your business make you believe that it somehow makes you like more hardworking. It's just an addiction just like any other addiction. And this specific thing which I have to remind myself every single day to be where my
[11:10 | t=670] feet are is something that's helped me be more present with my girlfriend, with my friends, and with my family. Because I'm going to be honest, like maybe I have like ADHD or something. I I like choose not to believe that. Like it's really hard for me to focus some days on anything that isn't business. Especially when I know like I get anxious when there's a fire I have to put out in my business. Like I know something's wrong that I just have to fix like in my email automations or I have to create this piece of content that I know is like really fresh in my head. But be where your feet are and it's okay to grow a little slower. A creative mind and a healthy soul are most conducive to being
[11:40 | t=700] like the most creative founder, the most effective leader and communicator. But the point of being present is not to be a better founder. It's actually just to like be there with the people that you love. And I think I also went through these mental loops of, oh, I'm meditating so I can be more creative today so I can make a better video. All of my decisions just went back to making better stuff for my business. And it's really cool to see this win-win relationship between healthy habits and business growth. But understand that doesn't mean everything is literally for your business growth over time. That's made me feel really soulless. And then lastly, this is a
[12:11 | t=731] bonus tip. Don't beat yourself up for not being perfect as an entrepreneur. I see stories every single day of entrepreneurs and creators whose business makes 3x the money as me and they work half the amount of time as me. And there's no other profession where people get criticized more for being stupid, inefficient, and morally corrupt than business owners. Sometimes when I talk to old friends who don't really know what I've been up to, they'll sometimes look at me like I'm some lost prodigal son, lost in the ways of obsessing and idolizing money. But I
[12:41 | t=761] know the mission of my business. I know the impact that I have and no one else will know that for you either. I also know the flaws I need to work on. But shame is one of the least productive emotions that you can live and work in. If you are currently in a state of feeling a little bit of this lostness, maybe feeling a little bit of this guilt and shame around being an entrepreneur. I just want to say from the bottom of my heart, it's genuinely okay. And I wish somebody just told me this, but there is a version of you that you will reach in the future that genuinely has the level of success that you can only dream of,
[13:12 | t=792] who has impact, who has love, who has leveled up to the level of leader and business owner that you want to reach. But the path is always unclear when you're in the weeds of it right now. So, it's okay to not be there yet. That is the beauty of this game of running a business, of chasing any of your goals really and leveling up. There's always going to be days where comparison and scarcity seeps in. stress gets to you, you get consumed by the work again. It's normal. I'm I'm literally speaking to my [ __ ] self right now, man. But if you ever feel lost and want a reminder, you can feel free to come back to this video
[13:42 | t=822] cuz I think you probably deal with enough stress and criticism and shame on a day-to-day basis. So, I don't want this video to feel like that whatsoever. I just want you to know it's it's okay. And hopefully hearing how much I've [ __ ] up makes you maybe feel a little bit less bad about maybe things that you feel ashamed of as an entrepreneur. Cuz it's weird. It's weird, bro. And I've noticed like so much [ __ ] shame in the past [laughter] year. [snorts]
[14:13 | t=853] I don't know why I'm crying, but I guess I'll leave this in the video. Um, I just want you to know it's okay. It's okay to be lost and doesn't make you a bad person for trying your best. But yeah, not my usual value videos, but I hope this is helpful. Shame is a really weird thing to deal with as an entrepreneur. things figure themselves
[14:43 | t=883] out. And there's like been days in the past year where I felt like, damn, like I just [ __ ] suck. Like I'm I'm like letting everyone down. And [clears throat] I know that's going to continue to happen. It's okay. My YouTuber attention's [ __ ] cooked right now for the one person that's saying thank you. And uh you [snorts] know, it's okay not to be perfect right now. being in a position of like this weird level of like privilege but also responsibility. You
[15:14 | t=914] can feel this mixture of shame while [snorts] also feeling this mixture of pressure. And it's just confusing as [ __ ] man. And I I think I'm [snorts] reaching this point right now where I'm realizing like I'm I'm starting to figure out how to like feel okay with myself and like get back to levels of self-love that I was at more than a year ago before I went down this weird journey of like trying to start this business. [snorts] But yeah, I'll catch you guys in the next video.
