# s053  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mE-n4AomcyQ)

[0:00 | t=0] I hate to break it to you, but not everybody can be a successful content creator. And this is coming from somebody. I'm 22 and I just recently crossed my first million dollars made from social media. But in order to reach that point, it's not just luck and it's not just content strategy like every guru will tell you. I believe there's three very rare traits because not many creators get to the point where they actually can even make a full-time income, let alone seven figures. So trait number one that you need to have to reach this top 1% level of success as a content creator is an aggressive competitive nature. hate it or love it, you are competing with every single
[0:30 | t=30] other creator in your niche. As a content creation advice creator, I am competing with the likes of Callaway, Junior, Patty Galloway, and I have to ask myself ruthlessly, why am I worth watching versus them? And you need to ask yourself that same question. What is your brain constantly thinking right now as you're watching this video? Is this person's information worth my time? You have to ask yourself that same question with your own content. And you might think this only applies to content where you're selling something, but that's not true. I grew an account in the comedy niche to 900,000 followers and I still applied this aggressive mindset towards
[1:01 | t=61] my skits. I would watch every other creator in the skit space. Right at the time it was like Joe Roth, Jason Weeden, Edward. So, and I would watch all of these people's skits and I'd be like, "What is one edge that I have that they don't have?" Everybody has that one thing in your life, that one part of your story that makes you unique. Find out what that is that no one else in the space has or at least not many people in the space have. and juice the hell out of it. I am now competing in the online business, making money online space. I've grown 450,000 followers in the last
[1:31 | t=91] 2 years. And the way I've been able to do that in such a saturated niche is because I thought really long and hard about what makes me unique. I'm a lot funnier than these [ __ ] like Iman Godzi and like Alexi. They're they're frankly pretty boring and way too serious. So that's one strategic advantage. The other one is that they're not Korean. So I told myself, yo, I'm going to be like the Korean Imani. I'm going to be the Asian Immanazi. I'm going to talk about K-pop. I'm talking about having a Korean mom, growing up with Asian tiger parents. And those are the topics that I lean heavily into. These are subjective advantages that allow you to relate to other people, but
[2:01 | t=121] it all stems from thinking this competitive nature of what makes you different from other people. The algorithms are pitting your video against the other five videos in your niche, and they're literally comparing your video's watch time and engagement and like rate and comment rate, right? If you're a fitness creator, but your video is getting put right next to like a super jacked dude. If you're playing that game of trying to be the most jacked looking fitness influencer, you have to understand that that video is not going to perform well. I'm sorry. You have to analyze what other creators have an advantage in, what you have an
[2:31 | t=151] advantage in, and compete in that zone. Now, the cool thing about this level of competition is that in social media, you're not competing for just one spot at the throne. There are so many subniches and micro influencers at this point that there are new creators popping off for the weirdest combination of stuff. I saw this one fitness creator popping off. His name is Iayuk Proof or Luke Proof. He popped off not by making fitness content whatsoever. In fact, he doesn't have that crazy physique. He has like a pretty average looking fitness influencer physique. So, what did he do to stand out as a fitness coach and fitness influencer? He started playing
[3:02 | t=182] the saxophone and learning the saxophone and learning how to paint the Mona Lisa in one day. That is the type of crazy out there ideas that helps you compete and win. And that stems from always thinking about what are my disadvantages, what are my strengths. Find any strategic advantage that you can find in your life. Once you find that one concept that hits, gets a million or even 100k plus views, milk the hell out of it. Character trait number two, you have to kill your ego to grow. Now, we've already talked about how you can stand out and lean into the strengths that make you different from
[3:33 | t=213] all the other creators in your niche. And often times, you're going to have an inkling of this. People seem to resonate a lot with dropping out, but I don't want to be perceived that way. I don't want to be perceived as the guy who dropped out. Ew, that's like Lora and like, yo, I'm I'm going to get like no. That's a thought process that might happen. Now, a genius content angle that's worked so well for so many fitness creators is the whole morning routine before my 9 to5. That's a way that you can stand out in the niche. So, maybe your road to success will not be the traditional being a fitness influencer and just being glazed for how
[4:03 | t=243] you look. Maybe the followers that are out there that will [ __ ] with you are going to be the ones who actually are really obsessed with the fact that you work a 9 to 5 and that they really resonate with you being an accountant, the boring job that you hate. Yeah, you're going to have to lean into that if you want a strategic advantage because you don't have a better physique than David Laid. You don't have a better physique than Sebum. So, you can't win in that department. So, you're gonna have to compete in this department of talking about your 9to-5. And I know you probably don't want that. You don't want to be perceived as this guy who works a 9 to5. And you don't like that part of yourself because it's kind of boring. But you have to understand that that's what makes you unique and that's what's
[4:34 | t=274] going to make you relatable to so many people in a similar life situation as you. Because once you start talking about the stuff that nobody else wants to talk about because there's so much shame involved there and there's so much vulnerability involved there, that's how you can build a tribe of people who genuinely [ __ ] with you so hard. Really random combination, but that's how you build a tribe of people who really, really love you for you. Now, back in high school when I first started creating content in 2020, I used to be a kid who always made jokes and never took himself seriously because I was afraid to be perceived as somebody who tried
[5:04 | t=304] too hard. So, in 2023, when I pivoted my content from comedic skits that never took myself too seriously cuz I was always playing a character to the serious advice content where I was speaking from the heart, man, that [ __ ] was [ __ ] embarrassing. I had this inkling, this theory that if I was just vulnerable enough with all the struggles that I was going through as a college student trying to make it in this content creation, personal development, becoming a top 1% sigma male [ __ ] it would be embarrassing, but it would stand out. And I knew no Asian person out there was doing that. So, I wanted to fill in that gap in the market. It
[5:34 | t=334] was embarrassing to post daily talking about my struggles of trying to start a no fab streak. It was embarrassing to talk about how I was obsessed with reading these make money online books despite making no money. And in order to grow to a higher level of yourself as a creator, as an entrepreneur, there's going to be these pivot points where you feel your old identity scratching and clawing to keep you as the same identity as you were always comfortable with. You don't want to be perceived as the guy in the group who tried to do that content thing and failed. And this is your ego talking because your ego simply serves to keep life the same as it is right
[6:06 | t=366] now. That you maintain the safe perception that everyone else around you has of you. But that ego is also the one that's keeping you broke as a creator. And if you feel like you've stayed stuck wanting to start content creation, wanting to start maybe a business, or maybe you just feel like you've plateaued as a creator, I can guarantee you there's probably a part of your ego that is resisting growth. So ask yourself, because I have to ask myself literally every month, what part of me is resisting change right now? What is the one change that terrifies the [ __ ] out of me? And what are the actions that you can take to obliterate that fear?
[6:36 | t=396] That's the exact word that everybody else who's watching this video who's not going to make a million dollars is shying away from that is your competitive edge edge. Okay, trait number three. This one's an interesting one, but you need to gaslight yourself into believing that you love creating for creating and that you don't love money. Now, don't get me wrong, I have these huge lofty goals. I remember I entered college being like, I want to make $100,000 before the time I graduate. And then right before I dropped out, I wrote down, I want to make $100,000 in a single month. I want to retire myself and my girlfriend, the entirety of my bloodline. I want to do it before the age of 25 cuz I'm 22 right
[7:08 | t=428] now. Yo, I want to make a lot of money. If you're a content creator and you want to build a business out of that, you're in the business of people liking you. That's what a follower is. So why would somebody follow your shallow ass if all you think about every single day when you're creating is how is this going to get a million views? There is no soul and purpose and mission behind your content. And I know we are here because my thumbnail and title literally talked about money. But when you are creating, you have to let go of that desire to take from your audience. The creators that succeed long-term genuinely at
[7:38 | t=458] least have convinced themselves that they actually care and give a [ __ ] about the person behind the camera. And I know exactly what it feels like to want so much from your content. I want to make millions of dollars. I want to hit a million a month one day, but I can't put that before my desire to serve my viewer in my videos. I can't put that before my desire to just put out something that genuinely helps one person reach their goals. And as a business owner, I can't put my own selfish desires before my clients and my customers and my students. I have to trust and I have to have faith, somewhat blind faith, that
[8:10 | t=490] if I put out the most valuable video that I pour my heart into, even if it doesn't make a single dollar, I'm still going to show up with that maximum effort putting into this video the level of care that I would even if I got paid $0. Cuz low key, these videos don't really do that well on YouTube. So, I don't make that much money from them. But, I still have to have that faith that if I just keep showing up and keep giving value and keep caring, that one day money will come. And I believe that comes from relinquishing this desire and need for money to come predictably from your content. Not saying you can't sell
[8:41 | t=521] in your content. In fact, if you go to that first link in the description, you can apply to join my coaching program, Content Academy. But I still give a [ __ ] ton of value. And I try to give as much value as possible. Now, it's subtle. That energy is subtle. When you feel like a creator is taking from you, you [ __ ] hate that [ __ ] because that is a waste of your time. You need to bring the energy of, yo, I don't even care if this helps one person. I'm still going to make it the best possible video I can. I don't care if I don't get paid for it. Or else you're going to lose. You're going to lose to the other guy who cares way more than you, who pours
[9:11 | t=551] in 8 hours of effort into planning the perfectly crafted, incredibly wellshot my 5 to9 after my 9 to5 video. And in order to build a large enough audience to actually support a business, to support a full-time income as a content creator, I believe the number one thing you need is a mission to serve your viewer. So, who is that viewer that you are serving and what do you want to help them do? What do you want to help them achieve? Yo, that could just mean you want to serve college students and make them laugh. That genuinely could be your mission statement, but do that to the
[9:42 | t=582] best of your ability because that's how you make the best possible videos that then stand out in the algorithm, make you one ofone as a creator rather than blending into every other [ __ ] slop is a possible creator in the niche and make you actually stand out. And this is coming from somebody who's coached now over 2,000 creators and not every one of them succeeds. As much as I would love to say my program makes every single one of them succeed, there's a handful of creators that do stand out, and it's the ones who genuinely embody these three traits with their content and consistently show up every single day to
