# s054  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLy2dzVyzZM)

[0:00 | t=0] Everybody tells you to start posting content in 2026. It's going to change your life. But no one ever tells you how to actually go from idea to viral post. Well, in the past month, I posted 15 videos on this brand new Instagram [music] account and I grew to 30,000 followers. And today, I want to show you guys exactly how I made this most recent video in the next 15 minutes. And I literally screen recorded live scripting, filming, and editing the entire thing to teach you exactly how to post your first video using my exact
[0:30 | t=30] five-step viral framework. And if you stick to the very end of the video, I'll also teach you exactly how I got paid $4,900 just for posting those videos on that brand new Instagram account, too. So, so let's jump into it. All right, so we have a blank Google doc open, and we're just going to start with step one, which is scrolling on Instagram reels to find an inspiration video. So, I have the reals tab open here, and I'm just literally just going to scroll until I find something that either I think is in a similar format that I can recreate for my account, which looks like this, right? I've only have 15 videos posted
[1:02 | t=62] so far. We actually were able to grow this account to 32K followers in these first 15 videos because I was specifically just following this formula that I'm going to show you guys today. It starts by just going to the real tab once again and until you find something that you can actually copy into your own niche. So literally any of these topics can work. But personally what I am paying attention for is whether it's in my niche which is in the side hustles or vibe coding niche or it's in my format
[1:32 | t=92] which is either a talking ahead or like challenge or vlog style video or it's some sort of journey based content where I'm documenting a journey or the achievement of a goal. So I'm going to go to the reals tab here. I became a millionaire by the age of 23 and grew to millions of followers online. This video, right, it got a decent amount of traction. So, that's my signal that it's pretty much worth copying. But this one's more of an authority [clears throat] style video. I became a millionaire. Whereas my page, I'm documenting the journey of a beginner to
[2:03 | t=123] vibe coding. So, I'm probably not going to do that. Let's keep going. This is my own video on my main account. I'm just going to skip that one. It's possible to make 10K a month online before graduating. This one does match the format because it's in sidehustle/making money online, which is my niche on this account. But the only issue is that doesn't have a lot of traction. So, I'm sorry. I'm actually friends with this guy, Thomas, but I'm going have to skip your video cuz only has 700 likes. And I'm looking for videos that at least have 5,000 likes. That to me is the sign of an outlier/viral video. And we realistically only want to copy outliers
[2:34 | t=154] because if we want our video to become an outlier and a viral video, we can only be studying and copying outliers. Okay, this one. Ooh, this one's actually pretty good. 20,000 likes starting content at zero. That very much fits my niche because I'm starting vibe coding at zero. So, let's see. Not a week ago with zero followers. I haven't told any of my friends. I haven't told any of my family. Absolutely no one I know knows I'm doing this. I'm >> So, this actually this video is pretty good. 20,000 likes. So, it checks the view view benchmark. [music] It checks
[3:05 | t=185] our niche benchmark because it's in a similar he's talking about he's starting a personal brand and an Instagram page which is similar enough I guess it's a tangential niche to me talking about vibe coding. So this one works. And lastly the format is pretty much spot-on. I'm talking about starting vibe coding from zero and I'll show you guys exactly what that looks like. Right? This is me basically documenting like me starting vibe coding not knowing how to code. This guy's talking about basically not knowing how to create content. So, it's perfect. It's a perfect match.
[3:36 | t=216] Okay. So, I found this video. I'm just going to copy the link here at the top. I'm just going to paste it here. Now, after I do this process manually, I actually want to show you guys an app that actually I made that can help you do this entire process more automated, more quickly, but I'm going to do it manually so I can walk through the exact thought process of how to make and copy viral content. So, step two after we're done scrolling is simply to transcribe the video. So, that's exactly what I'm going to do here. I'm going to copy this video link and I'm just going to go and
[4:07 | t=247] transcribe it now. And what I mean by transcribe is quite literally watch the video over and over until I can just write the entire script out. Okay, so we're going to watch the video one more time. I might have actually not copied the right link now that I look at it, but it's okay cuz I bookmarked it. So, make sure you also save the inspiration videos that you find. I might have just actually lost the video. Did I just lose the video? Oh my goodness. No way. I just lost the video. was trying to be myself. >> Okay, I'm an actual idiot, so I like lost the video. But there is a way to find the videos that you liked but you
[4:38 | t=278] didn't save. And basically the way you do that is you uh click the more and your activity section and that's where you can go find your liked videos. Uh so that's like a low-key a hack because I'm an actual idiot and I somehow didn't copy the right link. If you want to copy the link, you have to go here, save or share, copy link. So I'm going to make sure I actually save the link so I don't lose it again. But let's actually just start writing down the actual script. And when I say write down the actual script, it's a [music] very tedious process of writing down exactly what they said. So starting content at zero is the title, right? So we're
[5:10 | t=310] going to actually put that at text hook, right? It's basically the same as a title. Starting content at zero. Right now, we've pretty much transcribed the entire video. Right? It's a tedious process. Took me about 2 minutes. So go ahead and scroll and find a inspo video based on whatever format that you are trying to replicate. Whether it's vlogs, whether it's challenge videos, [music] whether it's just talking head like this one, right? Or maybe it's just a
[5:40 | t=340] transformation video, right? Etc. Find something [music] in a similar format. It doesn't have to be exactly in your niche. And sometimes going outside your niche is better. Find a video with 5,000 plus likes, which is the indicator that's an actual outlier, and then go transcribe it. Once you're done, just unpause the video, come back here, and let's move on to step two of the transcription process. This is where the actual magic happens. This is where the hack actually occurs with copying content because you're not just trying to transcribe and then move a couple words around. [music] What you're really
[6:11 | t=371] trying to do is build your mental model of why things actually go viral. So now, I want you to ask yourself a question after every sentence that you have written down that you've taken from the creator. Right? So, this is a pretty simple video. is only five sentences, but I want you to ask yourself, or I guess six sentences, I want you to ask yourself, why did this creator put this sentence and why did it go viral? Now, regardless of whether this creator actually knew that this one was going to pop off or not, cuz it clearly freaking popped off. 20K likes in 7 days on a brand new account. I want you to ask
[6:41 | t=401] yourself, why did this video do well? And what about this sentence correlated with the video doing well? So, I just started this account a week ago with zero followers. He's looking a little meek, like grabbing his arm and [ __ ] Why did that do well? Clearly, it's because it's relatable, [music] right? It's relatable. It shows somebody in a quote unquote vulnerable state. Now, was he actually feeling like vulnerable during this video? Man, I don't know. Maybe he was low-key just acting like he was shy and [ __ ] Like, he looked hella shy, right? And I think
[7:11 | t=431] that resonated with a lot of people who are trying to or wanting to start content, but they're scared. And it's like watching somebody else take that leap of faith can be a big inspiration for a lot of people. So when I apply that to my own niche of vibe coding, right? I feel this too. I feel a lot of fear. I'm a complete noob and I'm really bad and I want to resonate then with the people who can relate to feeling new to coding and specifically feeling new to this dream. Right? So for him the dream is becoming a content creator. So I can
[7:42 | t=462] even write down my own um interpretation of the text hook which is you know appeal to newbies starting content right I can then apply that to every single one of these sentences [music] right and you don't have to be super in-depth just think from you as a consumer like when you watch this video as a regular viewer what makes you interested in watching this person and it's a very simple intuitive process that you want to ask yourself It's like, why didn't I scroll personally on this
[8:13 | t=493] video? Like, there's probably a reason why you chose the video that you just did during your scroll session. Why did you watch it? And ask yourself, do a little self cycle analysis, right? I haven't told any of my friends. I haven't told any of my family. Why was that sentence so relatable to people? It's probably because it's his like secret thing, right? There's no right answer, by the way. It's your own subjective interpretation, but it's his secret thing. And I haven't told any of my family like like creator is being
[8:45 | t=525] vulnerable, right? And you're going to show I'm going to show you exactly why this analysis I know it's once again very tedious, but I'm going to show you exactly why it's correlated with you being able to get your first viral video. Okay? Now, absolutely no one knows I'm doing this. This one's it doubles down on the vulnerability. It's like more vulnerability. I'm starting this like it's kind of just reiterating at this [music] point. reiterating how difficult of a journey this is, right? So, it's it's like he knows that people are relating with the fact that
[9:15 | t=555] he's starting from zero. So, instead of just saying it once, he's saying it again [music] and again and again, making you really feel it as a viewer. That's at least what I experienced when I watch this video. It's like, wow, like I feel this pain that he's going through. Or maybe not pain, but he's feeling this [music] difficulty and hardship. So, that's exactly the type of feeling that I want to encapsulate in my own video when I go on to step three, which is remixing. But [music] once again, I'm just going to finish it off for the rest of the script here. My own analysis on why I think the video did well and resonated with people.
[9:48 | t=588] Okay, so we finished our analysis. We finished step two, which is transcription, [music] and then the second part, which is analysis. Now, step three is where the magic happens. Now, let's actually start creating the video. So, the way we create the video is simply by remixing every single sentence. Specifically, analyze the sentence structure. Pretend we're basically in English class here and you want to see what the exact sentence structure is and then instead of using his words of let's say content literally just replace content with right just going to exit out here replace it with vibe coding and that's
[10:20 | t=620] it. Let's start step three by remixing our own version of the video now and you can see that's literally the formula to creating a viral video text hook starting vibe coding at zero and boom like I'm already feeling it now. I'm like, damn, people are going to relate to that cuz they're like, yo, I can start it, too. Like, yo, I'm lowkey thinking of starting it, too. Like, I want to start it, too. Okay, I'm I'm being mad, sassy. Anyways, uh I just started this account. I just started maybe instead of I just [music] started this app and it's not a week ago for me.
[10:50 | t=650] I started it 45 days ago. So, [music] um I started I just started this I just started vibe coding this app 40 maybe not even this app. I just started vibe coding 49 days ago. Um with zero experience, right? Cuz [music] he said zero followers. I said with zero experience. Um uh maybe not zero followers. Is there a better way to say zero experience? Like maybe zero zero understanding. Now I think experience is [music] fine. I
[11:21 | t=681] haven't told told any of my friends. Now, this is hard because I I mean, I've told all my friends that I vibe coded. And I'm not going to lie about this. So, it's like it's his secret thing. How can I build that feeling of like vulnerability and intimacy with the [music] viewer, right? Because when he's saying, "I haven't told my friends, but I'm going to tell you guys." It feels very intimate, and I want to recreate that feeling. I haven't told any of my friends. Maybe I'll just say I have been losing money
[11:52 | t=712] on this project on trying to [music] make this app. I've been losing money. It's a similar feeling of like, yo, like I'm in a hell of vulnerable state. Okay, [music] anyways, next sentence. Absolutely no one knows I'm doing this. Absolutely no one no one I know knows I'm doing this. Once again, people people know. And this is not the pain point when starting an app, right? The the the main difficult thing when starting an app is
[12:22 | t=742] more so like hm what what is the actual relatable pain point? [music] Instead of maybe absolutely no one knows I'm doing this, I could say I have absolutely no clue what any of this code means. I I think that's a good way to create that relatability once again because it's like I'm trying to relate to the people who don't know how to code just like this person wants to relate to the people who are starring content, right? I have no absolutely no clue what any of this coding stuff
[12:52 | t=772] means. Coding stuff. I don't know why that just sounds like hella Gen Z talk coding [music] stuff. I don't know what any of this coding [ __ ] means. Um code [ __ ] not coding code [ __ ] Um, I'm literally starting this. I'm literally vibe coding this from zero all by myself. Yo, I don't even need from zero low key. It just makes the video longer. All by myself. Um,
[13:22 | t=802] I just want to prove that in 2026, if you just start, if you just try, like I could even just take those sentences. If you just try, if you just send instead of post, send a prompt to Claude. Claude, even if you don't know what you're doing yet,
[13:52 | t=832] that there's a possibility that this could all work out. Oh, and then maybe instead of workout, I can inject [clears throat] a little bit of specific stuff towards app building. It's like this could all become a huge app one day. Huge app. Ooh, I like that. Um, okay. And we're almost done scripting here. Just going to add a couple more sentences. So, if you're watching this
[14:22 | t=862] right now, if I'm on your feed, honestly, I'm just going to say those words once again, like take a sentence. If you're watching this right now, if I'm on your feed, just know you're here with me at the at the beginning of a crazy journey as I'm building this to become and then I'm going to put a little see the last the point of this last sentence kind of tell the viewer
[14:52 | t=892] that I'm starting a journey and that they're new and they're early, right? because that creates this FOMO of being early where it's like, oh, I don't want to miss out if I'm early. I want to follow along at the very start. You know, people want to be or people want to feel like they found their own unique niche, little interest. So, as I'm building this to become the number one like content creation tool on the app store. Number one content creation tool on the app store.
[15:22 | t=922] Uh, and how does he finish off the video? Actually, I you know what, man? I don't even know. Honestly, I'll just say like I I'll I'll finish it off with some random sentence that I make up. This is the only original thought I've done so far, which is like we've made $2,000 so far. See you guys soon. Okay, there we go. And we've finished step number three, which is remixing. Aka, if you've just followed along and you've done this entire process, you have just scripted your
[15:52 | t=952] very first video that is potentially super duper viral. Now, obviously, I want to give a caveat here. It takes a lot of time and practice of building up this repetition of like asking yourself why certain sentences are viral. And you can notice I started referencing these small things like psychology and [music] what would trigger a viewer's psychology. It might sound like I'm very experienced at this and I frankly am. I've posted over like 2,000 videos. But even if you have just consumed a lot of content before, you already have a decent intuition because you know what
[16:22 | t=982] it looks like to watch an interesting video and you know what it feels like to watch a hella boring video cuz you just stroll past it after like 2 seconds. So use that part of your brain and trust your intuition. And I guarantee this is how people pick up content a lot quicker is when they start trusting their intuition and they realize that their like hours and hours of doom scrolling actually have contributed to you becoming a goated creator. Like you have been practicing being a content creator just by watching videos for years probably and you just don't know it yet
[16:52 | t=1012] because you haven't applied that same part of your brain that just like chills and doom scrolls on the toilet. Apply that same part of your brain of like you know that kind of doom scroller brain of like yo like man this sentence lowkey hella boring and I'd probably scroll if I heard my some dude talking about like you know vine coding and then he like talks about some complex coding [ __ ] So, I want to use the word code [ __ ] to be like hella relatable and [ __ ] you know, hella hella Gen Z cuz I like I like watching people who are Gen Z. Use honestly the intuition of who you like watching and I guarantee you're going to build content that attracts an audience
[17:22 | t=1042] that really [ __ ] with you and that's very similar to you. That's kind of just what ends up happening with social media and personal branding anyways. Okay, so now we have the entire script of this video. Now, I'm just going to switch over to my iPhone and start filming this video. Right. And to start off with that, I'm literally just going to copy whatever framing this guy did. So, you guys can see here, he's leaning over on a table. I don't know if he's he's
[17:52 | t=1072] holding the camera with one hand. I know it's very subtle, but you can kind of tell like the camera is shaking a little bit. Maybe that actually adds a little effect of being very vulnerable and shy. You also This video probably ripped him like 5k followers just off of this video. So, it's pretty crazy like maybe we can we can replicate this effect. So, um you know, I'm going to do this with my hand and I'm just going to hold the camera um like like so like this, right? You can see, right? This is literally the angle except I'm going to use the front camera here. Okay, I'm just going to rip this angle here. Um maybe I
[18:24 | t=1104] should put on a long sleeve shirt because he seems a little bit more shy if he has a long sleeve shirt on. I don't know, honestly. I'm going to do that real quick. Let me grab a long sleeve. Yeah, I'm telling you the these small things sound really stupid and like low-key autistic, but they do add up because man, like this guy could be low-key like the most confident like charismatic guy, but you wouldn't know that. He seems kind of shy on camera. And I think that's kind of like the med the appeal of this like low-key handsome Asian man like acting hella shy and [ __ ] Like, yo, why is he acting hella shy and [ __ ] Like, so I don't know. I
[18:55 | t=1135] I'm just like psychoanalyzing this guy, but I'm gonna show the baldness a little bit. I'mma like rub my shoulder a little bit, you know? I'll do a little little bit of this, a little bit of that. And I'm just going to open up the um it helps. You don't have to have like you can do this entire process on your phone. And I do it very often on my phone, but it does make it easier if you have your script open on your laptop and then you're just filming on your phone. So, I'm going to start doing that here. You guys can see this is my process. So, I'm just going to open up the camera app here and let's just start. And one pro
[19:28 | t=1168] tip that I want to give you guys right before filming [music] is uh obviously I'm probably going to try and act a little bit shy by doing like the same camera angle and motions and [ __ ] but like I I want you to try reading the script front to back as much as possible. This is a pro tip. A lot of people will read one sentence, pause, read again, then say another sentence, pause, say another sentence, pause, and it makes the entire video feel potentially choppy. [music] So a pro tip is just try reading the entire script front to back. Okay. So, let's let's start by just doing that. I'm going to
[20:00 | t=1200] read two sentences at a time. So, I'm going to I just started vibe coding 49 days ago. It's your experience. I've been losing [music] money on this on trying to make this app. Wrote that wrong. I just started vibe coding 49 days ago and I've been losing money on trying to make this app. I have absolutely no clue what any of this code [ __ ] means. >> [music]
[20:32 | t=1232] >> I'll see you guys very soon for the next update of this app. Peace. And there we go. 2 minutes of filming and we're done. We are done filming. Okay, we are almost at the finish line. If you've followed me up until this point, pausing the video and trying this live with me, I commend you that like you are goated for doing that because you are literally right there to almost finishing your video. So, now it is time to start editing on our phone with Cap Cut. So, if you want to learn how to do
[21:02 | t=1262] that, just go to the link in the description, just buy my course. No, I'm just kidding. We're going to hop into editing here on Cap Cut. And I'm just going to press the plus and toss in this [music] video. Press add. Oh, wait. No, that's a screen recording. That's not the right one. It's this one. Two 2 minutes in. I'm just going to delete the other footage by scrolling rightward on the timeline, pressing that, and pressing delete. Okay. And that's how you delete footage. Also, delete this cap cut watermark at the end. You just never want that to be there. So, select it by pressing it on the timeline, which is that second lower half of the the um
[21:32 | t=1292] the screen, and then just hit delete. Okay. Next, what we're going to do is watch through the entire video. Um, oh, if you haven't already, this is a weird thing that just happened because I attached the screen recording, which is the wrong aspect ratio. Scroll at the bottom until you see this thing called aspect ratio and just make sure [music] it's set to 9 by6. It's a small hack, but a lot of creators mess this up when they're first starting. [music] And then just make sure it's actually resized to the right ones. And then let's just cut out all the dead space. Now, you could
[22:02 | t=1322] go through the hassle of watching the entire thing, which won't take that long, but an easy way to do this quicker is just hit that transcript button right there, and boom, it's going to basically auto transcribe your videos clips. Crazy thing is you can just literally cut your video by looking at the text, not even watching it through. Um, so it's going to save us a little bit of time. I'm not going to let AI do it for me just because it might be inaccurate. And I'm just going to select on the parts that are
[22:32 | t=1352] not necessary and I'm just going to delete them by pressing the remove button. Right. Um, okay. And this I think this whole part I'm just going to select it and delete. I've been losing money on this app. Okay. Delete that. I have absolutely no clue. Um, I said it twice so I think the last time I said it is [music] the best take. Delete. Delete. Delete. And I'm just going to delete all of these sentences that are not part of my script or at least that I know are not part of my video because you know your your
[23:03 | t=1383] video and your script the best. So, as I'm doing this, feel free to start maybe pausing and transcribing and then editing and deleting your clips as well. Okay, there we go. So, we've done the rough cut. Now, what we're going to do is just do the actual like more fine cuts because the transcript based editing sometimes can be a little bit inaccurate. I just started vibe coding 49 days ago and I've been losing money on trying to make this app.
[23:47 | t=1427] And there we go. We've cut out all the 0.1.2 seconds of dead space. And now we're just going to look back at the actual edit of the app and or edit of the video. I'm just going to notice a couple things how he did his text. So if you look closely here, you can see the there's this white text captions at the bottom and then of course he has his text hook at the very top. If I just refresh and watch it again, this is the editing style that we're going to match here. So I'm going to teach you guys exactly how I'm going to copy this one
[24:18 | t=1458] here. Now, editing is one of these more minute skills, but I'm going to show you guys how I add auto captions and add a text hook and make sure that I also make my uh font look the same as his. So, luckily, I think this guy actually did edit on Cap Cut, so it's very easy to replicate. First step was we're just going to go to text and auto captions [music] and generate here. And he does his auto captions pretty small towards the bottom. I think that gives a little bit more of this like authentic feel to the content or feels more raw. So, here's how we're going to do it. First, we're going to go to style. Then, we're
[24:48 | t=1488] going to go to styles again. And then just press that like X there. And then, boom. We've pretty much just replicated his his uh his editing style, but I'm going to I'm going to make sure it's a lowercase. I I like that effect. I just started I just started uh is it the same placement? Yeah, it's pretty much the same placement here. Vibe coding 49 days ago, and I've been losing money on trying to make this app. I have no clue what any of this code [ __ ] means. I'm literally just vibe coding by myself. I just want to prove that in um I don't
[25:19 | t=1519] like how it's in a separate line. So, I'm just going to make these separate by pressing return. I just want to prove that in 2026 if you just start I'm going to separate these into separate lines. Go ahead and return here. If you just start if you just try if you send one prompt to chat GPT even if you don't know what you're doing it there's a possibility that what you're build doing. I'm going to remove it. that's not part of the script. There's a possibility that what you're building can turn into a massive app one
[25:50 | t=1550] day. So, if you're uh these are separate, so I'm going to press return and then make sure that the green caption box, I'm just going to press them to realign them. Apple one day. So, if you're watching this right now, if you're seeing me on your feed, just know that you're that you're watching somebody. Um I'm going to hit return here. be starting this journey with you as I try to build this to become the number one content creation tool on the app store. And we've made $2,000 so far just from
[26:21 | t=1581] posting these videos and vibe coding this app. So, I'll see you guys very soon. Now, cool thing is this guy doesn't even have to add music. So, I'm not even going to add music here. Like, if the if the info video didn't add music, like you don't need to add music, you know? Don't don't need to overdo it. Like honestly, if if the video editing worked and you're new to video editing, I would say actually don't force yourself to try all these new effects, animations, sound effects, especially if the video that you're inspired by isn't doing them, you know. So, one pro tip though that I'm going to do is I'm
[26:51 | t=1611] actually going to adjust the volume by just hitting one of the clips, hitting volume, pushing it up to like 300, and then hitting loudness adjustment. And boom. That should just make all of the clips like 300 400ish volume. Um, and then lastly, I'm just going to add a text hook. So, hit text, [music] add text, and then starting. Um, should I say vibe coding or coding? I'll say vibe coding. I think that's more of a hot term right now.
[27:22 | t=1642] Ving vibe coding at zero. Um, there's a little bit less contrast and I think he has it on screen for around like 5 to 10 seconds. So, I'm just going to leave it up on screen for like 8 seconds. App. I have no clue what any of this code [ __ ] means. I'm literally just vibe coding. Yeah, I can move the captions up a little bit more. You don't want it to be too far to the right because then it's blocked by the like, comment, share buttons. And then you don't want to be too far to the bottom cuz then it's going to be blocked by like the the uh username and caption, right? So, just avoid those those zones
[27:52 | t=1672] on the bottom and the right side. Okay. And you know, I think I should add a little bit of shadow just cuz this one I know it's a little bit different, but it's a little bit hard to read the white text on the white ceiling. So, I'm going to hit style on the text. Hit styles once again. Go to shadow, the black one. And I don't want it to be too harsh of a shadow. I don't want it to be too noticeable. I'll do like 20% opacity and maybe like 20% blur. That's like a small hack there. I just started vibe coding 49 days ago and I've been losing need
[28:22 | t=1702] that much of shadow. I'll do like 10% shadow opacity actually. Code ship means I'm literally just V. And lastly, now he has two screenshots. I don't know if you paid close attention to the inspo video that I'm studying, but he used a screenshot of a I think picture of his follower account. So instead of a follower account, I'm going to screenshot a picture of my app on the app store. So, Scout AI.
[28:52 | t=1732] Okay. Um, and I'm just going to install it, too, just so I don't have like the whole test flight thing here. I'm going to screenshot it. I'm going to maybe crop it a little bit and then hit that check box. Um, that little save to photos. And then what we're going to do Oh, and I've been losing money on And then I'm just going to add an overlay. Add overlay. go to photos and add this into it. And I'm just going to do that. >> Losing money on trying to make this app
[29:24 | t=1764] I have and I'm only going to leave it on screen. >> I have no clue what any of this code [ __ ] means. I'm literally means [music] and now I'm just going to add one overlay of a video. And I'm going to explain exactly why I'm doing this part cuz it's a little bit more particular. But just so you know, I'm getting paid for this. And this correlates back to how I'm actually getting paid to make these videos with this thing called UGC. But just for all intents and purposes right now, I'm basically just going to add one more overlay that shows me using
[29:55 | t=1795] this app, which is called Anything AI. And it's a company that I'm actually getting paid to do UGC for. They didn't sponsor this video, by the way. They're just low key. I'm I probably should be getting paid more cuz my account's lowkey popping AF. But so far, we've gotten paid around like $4,500 from them. So, pretty good side hustle as well on this page cuz I got paid $4,500 for 15 videos, [music] right? So, here's exactly what I do. Means I'm literally just vibe coding by myself. And I'm going to split here and just
[30:26 | t=1826] make sure it only stands on screen for 2.3 seconds by myself. I just want to prove that in 2026. And lastly, at the very end, I'm just going to add a screenshot of the $2,000 store. And we've made $2,000 so far. So, I'm going to go to [music] my revenue cat for my actual app and then just show my like revenue, like total revenue. So, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm just going to toss that into the video one more time. One more overlay with the photo. I'm going to
[30:56 | t=1856] toss that at the very top so it doesn't cover my eyes. When possible, I would say try not to cover your eyes. It's a small editing hack, but viewers like to watch eyes. And if uh your eyes are blocked by something on top of the screen, it can be slightly less retentive and slightly less engaging for a viewer. So, small small hack for editing. And I'm just going to trim it to fit the clip like this. >> Just from posting. And there we go. It is done. So, now we are on to the final step, which is posting the video. So, what we're going to do here is just uh
[31:28 | t=1888] make sure to hit that top right corner. And these are the exact settings that I'm going to show you how guys how to use in Cap Cut. So, we're first going to change the resolution to 4K. All right. And then we're going to turn off AI Ultra HD. Do not let Cap Cut AI affect your your videos. I don't know. It always just looks ugly, right? You want it to look authentic, right? So, 4K 30 fps bit rate. Just do the recommended for the video. Don't turn on optical flow and don't turn on smart ad HDR.
[31:58 | t=1918] Okay. And then we're just going to hit export in the blue button top right. We're just going to wait for this to finish exporting on the video. So, we are almost done now. We've we've scripted, we've filmed, and now we finished editing, right? And this whole process, [clears throat] mind you, I was also talking to you guys while doing this process. It usually takes me half as much time, but it's only taken me about 30 minutes so far, right? So, it should take you guys also a relatively similar amount of time, maybe if it's a little bit newer for you guys. [music] It's okay to take an hour. After that,
[32:29 | t=1949] what we're going to do next is go to Instagram and also post it on Tik Tok as well. Cross post it across both platforms, but we're going to go to Instagram first [music] and then hit the plus in the top left. Then, we're just going to select the video, hit next. I just started vibe coding 49 days ago. And now we're just going to put a caption. Now I'm actually just going to see the caption that he used. Um the info video said, "Is this the year that you finally start?" [music] And then he put a bunch of
[33:00 | t=1980] hashtags at the bottom. So maybe I'll just say start vibe coding with me. Let's change our lives together. And then at the bottom, I'm just going to put a hashtag. Now, once again, this is correlated with how I do UGC. In order to track UGC videos that I can get paid for, I have to add this this um this hashtag. So, I like to put # anything cuz that's the app that I'm promoting. And then is possible after.
[33:30 | t=2010] So, it's a little bit sneakier, you know. And then all I'm going to do now is press share. And boom, there we go. Keep Instagram to finish posting. So, obviously I'm going to I'm going to keep the app open as it finishes posting. Now, by the way, if you want to join our community where you can hop on live calls with me alongside three other coaches every single week who can review your content and tell you exactly what to fix, what is missing for it to go viral. You can just apply to join the
[34:00 | t=2040] community in that first link in the description and we'll see if you're a good fit. Obviously, it's a paid community because you're receiving the direct coaching from me and a bunch of other experts, but we have a super supportive community. We've literally in the last year had 10 plus people make 10K a month from the community in their first year creating content. We've had countless people hit 10,000 followers. A couple people even had a 100,000 followers from the community. So, if you want to be a part of it, right, and dial in your content for 2026, go apply and
[34:32 | t=2072] book a call with our team in the link in the description. But anyways, we just finished posting onto Instagram and we are almost almost done. I'm going to post it to Tik Tok as well. Okay. So, I'm going to go to Tik Tok >> and I'm just going to press the plus at the bottom and I'm going to select this video. >> I just started vibe coding 40 >> and I'm just going to say the exact same title. So, it's like um start vibe coding with me. Let's lock TF in and
[35:03 | t=2103] change our lives. together. Okay. And then I'm just going to put the same hashtags. Anything 161 is possible. And I'm just going to press post. >> 21 days ago. I had this IP. >> And boom, bada bing. We are now cross-osting it onto Tik Tok. Okay, we are almost almost done. Right after
[35:33 | t=2133] this, I'm going to show you guys exactly how I get paid to make these UDC videos, which is a sneak as an extra bonus just for you guys for staying until the end. I'm going to teach you guys exactly how to get paid to make videos as well. So, you can not just start learning how to create content and build your personal brand, right? But also get paid to learn, which is a crazy opportunity that's going on right now. Um, and it's called UGC where you can basically get paid to make videos promoting certain apps. Okay, so once this video [music] finishes uploading. Okay, so we have finished posting the video onto both
[36:03 | t=2163] platforms. Now the last bonus step to actually start getting paid for your videos is download an app that helps you do UGC. There's a couple like Sideshift Methods. There's another one called Launchpoint, right? You can download any of these apps and start getting paid to join these UGC programs for apps [music] who will start paying you just to start posting. So, right, for example, on this account, I've gotten paid now $4,900 just to post promoting this app called
[36:34 | t=2194] Anything, right? And I'm going to teach you guys exactly how I just post on this app. So, first step is I just go press this plus in the bottom right and then all I have to do is select which program I'm posting for. So, in this case, it's this app called Anything AI. I'm going to go here. I'm going to skip because I didn't use their script. I just actually made my own, right? [music] Which is a huge, huge bonus if you actually want to succeed as a UGC creator. A great way that you can stand
[37:04 | t=2224] out and get just an insane advantage is [music] do this process of creating your own script, right? Instead of trying to, you know, just copy like most other creators do, the scripts that a lot of these programs will give you, [music] you can actually just make your own script using this viral video process. And this is how I've been able to grow an account, you know, to 30,000 followers in the in just like 15 videos. [music] Okay? So, you know, it's a huge huge bonus if you're also doing other types of content, whether you're building an app like I like I showed you guys with those 15 videos. Not only did I get paid
[37:35 | t=2255] $4,900 [music] to, you know, on the app that I'm building, but I also made $2,000. I also made $4,900 promoting with UGC content, you know. So this style of content works for [music] anything. Whether you're selling, you know, an app, whether you're doing UGC, maybe you're promoting your coaching or something. You know, all of these styles of business model, all these ways of monetization can work through [music] creating viral content like this. And yeah, basically once you can upload the video, then you can get paid like I did
[38:07 | t=2287] on this video, right, which is the previous video I posted to this UDC account. And if I check the payouts, right, I got 70,000 views on this video, [music] which gave me a payout of $150 just for, bro, that's like 30 minutes of work, which is crazy. So, [music] if you want to get opportunities like this, we can actually directly plug you into these kind of opportunities of UGC programs in our private community content academy where we have a a basically a Discord channel that we're sending new opportunities to via your
[38:37 | t=2317] email as well every single week. And of course, we train you every single week as well on four live coaching calls on how to create viral content and how to improve your content. So, you can just apply to join Content Academy and book a call with one of our onboarding specialists to actually get you onboarded inside Content Academy and see if it's a great fit for your personal goals in that first link in the description. That being said, congratulations. You've just made your first viral video. You've walked through the entire process of making a viral
[39:07 | t=2347] video in just basically the past couple minutes. So, if you enjoyed this video, honestly, just [music] hit the subscribe button and I'll see you in future, guys, where we walk through all the nuances of creating viral content without spewing all these BS tactics and content strategy. Honestly, I think that's kind of stupid. I'm just going to teach you the actual raw skill, which is what you actually need. You need [music] to learn the raw skill. You need to get a bunch of practice in and then just start shooting out a bunch of reps and then one video can literally change your life. And that's exactly what I want to do on this channel [music] to help you
[39:38 | t=2378] build a career as a creator long term. Let's [ __ ] get it. I'll see you guys in the next video. Peace.
