# s055  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMzEYw7mdTI)

[0:00 | t=0] What the hell is up with all these AVGs promoting study apps on Instagram reels lately? >> I studied like an hour. Let me put you all in this method because finals are here. Just upload your textbook or any study material into >> if you've been scrolling Instagram [music] reels over the past like 6 months. You've probably seen a bunch of Asian girls and a couple Asian dudes making a harmless innocent video about study tips until you see what the did he just mention? The cluey AI. Why do I keep hearing these kids mention these same three AI study tools in every
[0:32 | t=32] single one of the videos? Well, this is no accident. This is no coincidence. [music] It's actually a secret underground money-making method. And I have had the pleasure of befriending many of the founders of these AI study tool apps who've revealed to me their secret hiring method and how they've been paying [music] up to 10 $15,000 in a single month to these ABGs and also ABS to make videos promoting their study apps. So the goal of this video is actually not just to tell you how this [ __ ] works and like why it's happening,
[1:02 | t=62] but also how you can get in on this gold rush right now. UC user generated content. It basically means videos that brands will pay you to make for them. Now the interesting thing about this method of UGC [music] study app ABG methods of promoting and marketing apps is that traditional marketing is always hire big influencers with millions of followers, pay them hundreds of thousands of dollars. But about 2 years ago, these AI study tool founders found a really interesting exploit. Instead of paying these [music]
[1:34 | t=94] Charlie DLOs of the world, which most of their audience doesn't even watch them for study content anyways, why don't they actually handpick the ABGs from college campuses who've never really posted content before, [music] maybe posted one video and train them in factory farms to become viral content creators to mass market their products. This was the birth of ABG UGC. Now, when I say brands have been paying like 10K a month plus to just regular college
[2:04 | t=124] students to make these [music] videos, I am not kidding. I know dudes who have literally gotten paid $17,000 in a single month promoting an AI app and they've only been posting videos for like 3 months. They're practically beginners now. I don't know about you, but I always grew up thinking, man, if only I could be a YouTuber [music] because all I'd have to do is work like 2 hours a day filming these silly little videos and I could just be rich. I would grew up watching people like Ricegum, Ryan Higa, and back in the day, I don't
[2:34 | t=154] think YouTubers even made that much money, but I just thought the idea of [music] being able to create content for a living and make a liveable wage was cool as [ __ ] So, when I heard about this thing called UGC where they're literally factory farming beginner college students into content creators and then shilling them tens of thousands of dollars a month in their marketing budget to make videos. I was shocked and I took an extremely deep dive and that's exactly what I've done. So, for the past 6 months, I've actually been talking to a bunch of these AI study app founders asking them exactly what kind of ABGs
[3:05 | t=185] are they hiring? Do they hire nonABGS? And how can you and I you're probably not an ABG. Is it possible for a nonabg to also get hired and make [music] money with this thing called UGC? Now, the answer to all three questions is yes. This is how you get hired to do UGC. First step is to actually go to one of these job hiring platforms. And a lot of these apps actually don't need you to have much experience posting content. That's the cool thing. Posting content doesn't require you to have a degree. You just realistically need to have Instagram reels installed [music] and
[3:36 | t=216] create a new account. That's about it actually because content creation and social media is such a new industry. There is no MBA and PhD for content creation. Now, here are some of the best hiring platforms that I believe you should check out. Number one, methods. It's an app on the app store. You can literally just apply to any of the UGC programs. Another one's called Sideshift. It's just another job hiring platform. There's another one called Home from College. They all look the same. You can just apply to a bunch of these AI study app UGC positions. A lot
[4:06 | t=246] of these apps actually have hundreds if not thousands of people applying for these positions now because yes, there are literal kids making $10,000 a month posting reels for them. So, if you are one of those ambitious kids who actually wants to get hired, how do you actually get hired? Because you do need to stand out in an applicant pool of like 2,000 people. Step two is to actually post your first video. Now, I know that sounds daunting. So, I actually made a video on how you can post your very first video. I'm just going to leave that in the first link in the description cuz I actually been trying
[4:37 | t=277] UGC as well. I made $4,000 posting like 16 videos onto this new Instagram reels account over the past 2 months. And I made a video tutorial documenting my entire process of doing that. So go feel free to check that out if you actually do want to start making videos and getting hired Instagram reels doing UGC for brands after you've somewhat mustered up the guts to post your first video, which I will not lie is probably eliminating half of you guys watching this video right now because most people do not want to actually put their face out there on the internet, which is okay. But if you've actually somehow
[5:08 | t=308] mustered up the courage to actually do that, you've now basically signified to the brands that you mean business, that you are actually essentially open to hire. So on most traditional jobs, in order to be open to hire, you might just throw on like slap on a hashtag open to hire on a LinkedIn. With UGC, realistically, you just have to post your first video and that will honestly make you stand out enough in an application pool where you might get hired to your first UGC opportunity. Step numero tress. How are people actually making $10,000 [music] a month with this? Like for example, I just told you guys I made around $4,900
[5:40 | t=340] in the past like 50 days posting on this brand new Instagram account. How did I do that? Now, there's two ways that pay structures work in the UGC AI app space. The first one is something called base pays where these apps will pay you basically a base salary just for posting videos. [music] A lot of these UGC programs will pay anywhere between $30 to $40 per post. I personally got a really cool UDC program with this app called Anything and they paid me $50 per [music] video. That means no matter how many views the video got, I got paid $50
[6:12 | t=372] just to post a video promoting their [music] app. Let's say you just brute force consistency and you post 30 videos for an app that's paying you $50 a month. You just earned yourself $1,500 [music] just for showing up. Now, however, I didn't say we were in the business of just making $1,000 a month. How are kids making $10,000 a month? That's where something called view bonuses comes in. Now, a lot of these brands won't just pay you the base [music] retainer. If your videos actually go viral, like they get over 10,000, 50,000 views, they're
[6:43 | t=403] going to start paying you higher amounts. This is an example chart of [music] basically how a brand might pay you if you do get over 10,000 50,000 views. Let's [music] say you posted a video and it got no views. It's okay. You will at least get the [music] base $30 base pay, right? But then let's say you had a video pop off. Okay, you got the base $30 base pay, but it got bumped up to $100 because you got 20,000 views. And then let's say a week later you check in and you're like, "Holy [ __ ] it's at $100,000 views now." Well, now
[7:14 | t=434] you just earned yourself $300. And let's say in a month's [music] time you wake up and you're like, "Holy [ __ ] this video is at a million views. This random [music] Instagram reel study app ABG promoting video that I spent 2 hours on, it's it's at a million views." you just earned yourself pretty much like $1,000 just for like 2 hours of [music] work. That is how UGC works. And that is the magic of doing UGC. Now, I am not promising that you're going to be able to do this. Honestly, the largest factors towards whether you're actually going to make money from this is one, if you actually show up and are consistent
[7:45 | t=465] on I'm I'm genuinely serious. If you can just be consistent, you will get hired and you will make money. But if you do want to make like $10,000 a month, biggest thing is you need to be good at hooks and scripting. [music] This is a nuanced skill in short form content creation and it is basically the skill set of being able to brainedly capture somebody's attention in the first 3 seconds and actually make them pay attention without making them scroll. So, how are they going to get to your AI study app promo part of the [music] video if they can't get past your first 3 seconds? So, here are some example hooks from these ABG study app
[8:15 | t=495] videos. >> If you're the person that told me this, I could kiss you right now because it literally >> You'll notice some of them are like kind of thirst trappy. like they've literally thirst trapped you into watching the video and you can kind of see it in the comment section. Now, if all of this is super duper [music] confusing to you, that's completely fine. I completely understand. I've now built a whole agency that helps hire creators to brands. So, if you do want to be one of those [music] creators, I'm running a free class teaching any of you guys how to actually start doing UGC and get
[8:45 | t=525] hired literally in your first month as a content creator. And that free master class is happening literally in about a week's time. So, go register in the second link in the description and I'll teach you exactly how to start doing this uh UGC thing. But yeah, now you know, next time you see an ABG or a WBG or an AB WB, okay, next time you see a stranger on your for you page on Instagram reels promoting subtly some AI app, now you know they're probably
[9:15 | t=555] making a [ __ ] bag off of it. I'll see you guys in the next video. Peace.
