# s056  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y32V8XBZqWc)

[0:00 | t=0] This is how I grew 30,000 followers in the span of 30 days on a brand new Instagram account. And after posting just 15 videos, each of which just took two hours, I was able to blow it up to 35,000 followers. And we're going to be covering in this video the exact method that I used to come up with the idea for my page so I can blow it up. What my actual workflow was for the winning formats that I used and the actual 2hour per day workflow that I used to make these viral videos. Now this is my fifth
[0:31 | t=31] time blowing up a personal brand. It's the fastest I've ever done it. I have this other account on Instagram. my main account where I document building my business and I've also helped countless other people in my paid community content academy do the same. So, it doesn't just work for me. It doesn't just work in one different niche. So, let's actually jump into [music] the method. Let's start off with how do you actually come up with a account series idea. So, what is an account series idea? It's basically the bigger picture thesis for what you're actually making videos about. So, in this page for example, I'm in the niche of vibe
[1:02 | t=62] coding. These are the 15 videos that I posted. So, if I actually pull up one of these videos, I can show you guys what the actual idea of the account was. I want to make an app without writing a single line of code and make $10,000 from it in just 30 days. So, the idea is simple. Can I make an app and make $10,000 from it in just 30 days without knowing how to code? Now, this is real. I actually don't know how to code, right? And you can see throughout the progression of this account that I actually was learning how to code, learning how to more so use AI to build an app. And as a result, I was able to
[1:34 | t=94] then, you know, start blowing up the account with these videos. Now, you might be thinking, ah, man, like where do you come up with such a good idea for a page? Now, a lot of people say with personal branding, the idea is the most important thing. When it comes to YouTube, for example, people say that the idea for the title and the thumbnail is literally 50% of the battle in making a viral video. And the same goes with your page. So, you don't want to spend the next 90 days building your personal brand, posting every day, slaving away at a shitty idea that nobody cares about. Okay? So, how do you validate an idea for your page, which more so
[2:05 | t=125] realistically means just how do you tailor the messaging so it actually hits with people, which could be just the tweaking of one or two words. Now, for example, if I just said, "Can I learn vibe coding in 30 days?" It's a very similar concept, but I guarantee the account might only be sitting at like 3,000 followers if I did that. So, here's the actual applicable steps that I took to blow up the Instagram account and find the banger idea and make sure that it's actually validated. I call it the YouTube method. Now, 80% of short form ideas and pages trail YouTube ideas
[2:37 | t=157] because the most intelligent creators optimize for YouTube simply because it pays better. So, big picture, the thesis means or the thesis for your account should literally just come from YouTube. go on YouTube, search up whatever keyword of your niche that you are uh making videos in, and then find an idea from YouTube. So, the idea for my account actually literally came from watching this one YouTube video, and I felt incredibly inspired. It's this guy named Blake Anderson, and he said, uh, how I built a no code app and hit 10K MR in, uh, 30 days, right? And that was the whole idea for the the video. So the the
[3:09 | t=189] big picture thesis that I want to explain to you guys is just think about whatever niche that you are actually trying to target with your account. Now I know you might be thinking, "Bro, I don't I don't know what my niche is. I'm going to become the niche." Shut up. Unless you are a content genius or you are an established influencer with a big name online, you need to pick a niche because you need to capitalize on what people are already thinking about and wanting and have a demand in. So if I just came out and said, "Guys, here my name's Mino. I'm unemployed. guys, watch my journey of being like a
[3:39 | t=219] Mino, I guess, you know, talking about my random [ __ ] interest about like Celsius and [ __ ] Those videos would not get views. I need to target a niche. So, I picked vibe coding. Um, a topic that I was actually just frankly interested in personally. So, another rule of thumb here is if you're picking your account thesis and your account niche, think about what you're just inherently interested in. Now, it's going to take a little bit of work because I actually had to go out and build an app and learn vibe coding in order to make this series happen. So, I'm not going to say just wave your wand, snap your fingers, and then just speak on camera and people are
[4:09 | t=249] just going to love you and watch you. If you want to actually have your your most guaranteed, I guess, route to blowing up your personal brand, you want to pick a niche that actually has market demand and then find messaging on YouTube that actually uh has gone viral. So, I went and searched up no code app, and you can see this video right here is literally number one. How I built a no code app and hit 10K MRR. So, that literally just became the thesis for my page. So then I went I took how I built a no code app and hit 10K MR and I just put that on my page, right? So it's like the AI that I
[4:39 | t=279] used to code. It was this app and just to prove that this is not just me like spitting hogwash here. I did this for my other account as well where I did a series of road to 100K a month as a broke college student and I actually took that idea. You can literally see I watched this video on YouTube. I went from broke to rich in 30 days from this guy named Jordan Welsh. So a lot of times you as a aspiring small creator should not be trying to think of yourself as some Da Vinci trying to reinvent the wheel of content. No. So now you should have written down on a piece of paper what niche you're going
[5:10 | t=310] to be targeting and then what is the general thesis or series idea and honestly frame it as a uh a YouTube title. So for example, if you're thinking let's I'm going to use the example vibe coding again because that is the actual page that I blew up. vibe coding equals my niche, right? Then I want to ask myself for the uh title of my series, what what is it going to be? So, I could be thinking like learn learn vibe coding
[5:40 | t=340] with me. Now, I could say that's my niche, but would this blow up on YouTube as a title thumbnail? Well, based on what I'm seeing here, usually no. This one's more controversial. It's no code app development is a trap, right? Right. So, that one's a more controversial take here. Let's see another one. Right. You don't need to like how to build your first app with no code. So, this one's a little bit better and more specific. How to build your first app with code. So, maybe that could be more so. It's like how to build your first app, right? And
[6:13 | t=373] now we're tailoring the message a little bit with vibe coding, right? And we're tailoring the message even more and more. how to build your first app with vibe coding or without coding. Clearly, that has uh market demand and you're going to see that actually play out in the way that I frame my hooks in my videos. But how to build your first app without coding seems to be the title of my series. And if I want to make it even more interesting, I could say like how I built my first app without
[6:43 | t=403] coding grew it to 10K a month. and even better bonus points if I'm actually documenting it live. So, what I did was I actually went and watched this video and actually watched like what was he actually doing? And you can see here, this video is basically him uh walking through his actual live process of building the app and you can see him this is literally him coding. So, I thought to myself, hm, if that's probably the reason why people watch the videos because it's an actual live demonstration, why don't I do that on my
[7:15 | t=435] own page and document myself literally from day one, not knowing how to code? So, you can see here, this is the video that I made. I'm literally pulling out my energy drink, pulling out my laptop, and starting coding with AI by shooting a prompt into the AI. So, I don't want you to go out into building your personal brand on Instagram or Tik Tok without some validated idea or thesis for how you're going to stand out. Because if you don't go with at least some plan to differentiate yourself from the crowd, you're just going to look like all the other clones who are trying to film
[7:46 | t=466] themsel every day talking about some random [ __ ] in their life. You're not going to build an actual following. And the more viral of an idea or the more striking and shocking of an idea that you can strike with this title of your series, this thesis, this hypothesis more so of your page, the more quickly you're going to skyrocket your growth. Now, I'm not saying that it has to be as good of a thesis as like how I like trying to build my first app without coding to 10K a month. But the better that it's going to be, the more
[8:16 | t=496] efficiently that you're going to grow. So, it only took me 15 videos to actually grow this page because the idea itself was so good. The videos themselves don't actually have to be that insane. But you might be thinking here, okay, I have a decent idea now. You have it written down on a piece of paper or Google Doc next to you. Good. Good job. How do you actually then turn them into winning videos? So, this is the exact process that I did starting off with actual ideation. And I call this method Zoink and Twist. Credit to this dude named Luke Bulch on uh on YouTube. He actually talks about this method called Zoinket twist which
[8:46 | t=526] basically means find a winning idea on short form by doing some research and take inspiration from it and then twist it into your niche. So for example, these are all the formats that I actually won with POV uh you just like XYZ. I'll put them in purple here. Person A versus Person B XYZ changed my life and is it possible challenge. These are all the winning formats that I use and there's realistically only four that I needed to actually blow up my page. You don't even really need four formats. Just every single day try and find one
[9:17 | t=557] format that you see going viral on Instagram or Tik Tok and then translate it into your thesis/niche. So I see a lot of people doing POV style videos in the fitness niche. POV style videos in the uh maybe student niche or studying niche. I didn't see somebody apply it to the vibe coding niche, right? Especially because vibe coding is just a hot trending topic and it's new. So, there's not going to be as much uh as many people attacking that niche right now. So, I found this nice gap in the market with POV. Your app got
[9:47 | t=587] accepted to the app store without knowing how to code. And this is a live reaction of me reacting to my app getting on the app store. I literally just remade that video. I remade that video with a different camera angle. I I filmed it twice. I got a million views twice on that [ __ ] And if I actually tally up the views that those videos got, I don't know if I can actually see it on the laptop. I'm pretty sure most of these followers, like at least 20,000 of them came from just two videos. So, that's how your personal brand's growth will likely happen. Um, they're likely going to come from just one or two videos. Don't expect your growth to be happening from like every single one of
[10:18 | t=618] these videos. It's going to be consistent. No, it it's really like 8020 or 9010 where 90% of your followers are going to come from 10% of your videos. And that's exactly what happened. So, this one video, right, 1.3 million views. If I scroll down, it got me 12,000 followers. If I can get my camera to focus here. This video got me 12,000 followers. this single video uh about getting my app on the app store, right? >> So, a lot of times your best video will pretty much get you all your followers. The second format that I did is person A
[10:49 | t=649] versus person B, which is just like a clone thing where there's a person A 50K a month versus 50K a year and they're just like conversating with each other, comparing their lives to each other. Another one is XYZ changed my life. Here's another one. AI vibe coding changed my life. I'm just talking about how I even started AI vibe coding. And then an is it possible challenge where I say is it possible to you actually saw that video is it possible to build an app without knowing how to code and get it to 10k a month in just 30 days. Okay, so those are the formats that I used. And how do you actually find then your
[11:20 | t=680] winning format to go out and make your own viral video? That's a great question. What I want you to do is actually I want you to go on to reels just keep scrolling until you find a couple parameters. [music] One is is it above 5K or 10K likes? That's usually an indicator on reals that the video is pretty viral, over 5K, over 10K likes. Uh, which usually translates to around over 100 to 200,000 views. And that's usually an indicator that the video went super viral. So, here's another one. How I average five likes per video, right? So, you can
[11:50 | t=710] honestly just take that, right? If I were to actually go and zoink and twist this video that I found right here, how I average five likes per video, I'd probably do it something a little bit like this. So, now that I have my inspo video, right? This is my idea that I This kind of looks like a penis, but we're going to ignore that. Uh how I average five likes per video. Maybe then I would just do how I uh Okay, this is my live brainstorming process. It's not going to be that good. Like five
[12:20 | t=740] bugs [music] per code. That makes no [ __ ] sense. So just hear me out here. Obviously, sometimes when you directly copy an idea, it's just going to be stupid and you're going to be like, "Okay, well, I can't really copy that idea." twi switch it up a bit, twist it a bit, right? So, how I average, maybe instead of how I average, it's just like how I got an app uh on the app store in 4 days. Then maybe I'll toss in because I know this will be part of the inherently viral concept of my page without coding. Boom.
[12:51 | t=771] now and I would and I would specifically right we already know this was going to be my kind of thesis for the page but what I can do then is if I were to actually simulate the video I would literally copy the camera angle I'm going to go and uh copy the camera angle of this video where it's like me looking at a screen right and just propping up my camera and holding a laptop and then maybe I'll throw up screenshots like screenshot screenshot screenshot on
[13:21 | t=801] the page. SSS standing for screenshot because that's what he did. He put screenshots of results on his page. Now, obviously, the reason why this one went viral is because it's funny. It's ironic, but for my own page, maybe this could actually be value, right? And then, um, yeah, this one also has like the read caption style where he puts the actual instructions in the caption. But maybe I'll actually, right, it's like my version actually put value in the caption of how
[13:51 | t=831] I did it, right? And there's a ton of examples where this is actually the format. I just found I just happened we just happened to stumble across an ironic version that's funny. But you're going to see a lot of examples of this style of video. It's like the how I did XYZ read caption style. you I like these formats don't actually have names but um right it would be like the rec caption uh how I did XYZ video format the I you know I I I can just like place names on these formats but you know there's no [ __ ] like textbook telling you that this format's going to be called the is
[14:22 | t=862] it possible format just ends up being like that once a bunch of people copy it and that's literally how this is the exact process that I use to find all these viral videos now that is the essence of the zoink and twist. But you're probably wondering, okay, you've given me all this theory. How do you actually go and apply and do it in just 2 hours a day? And I wanted this video to actually be directly applicable for you so you wouldn't be just left uh, you know, jerking yourself off to the idea of making videos, but you can actually go out and do it. So hopefully you've been somewhat following along. And I
[14:53 | t=893] actually implore you to go out and find like open up on a Google doc, find an outlier, open up YouTube, and write down an idea that you found on YouTube. Hopefully you can do that and you can come back just pause this video and then come back because none of this will be applicable to you unless you actually have an idea for your page and you start having viral format ideas that you can start implementing on. So how do we actually then implement on it in a way where we can do it in just 2 hours a day. So I have these three parts. First research outliers. So let's say we
[15:23 | t=923] already did that. The second one is to film in one take. Um, I'm not going to go too ind depth on filming because like, you know, filming is just [ __ ] filming. [laughter] Like, just [ __ ] film yourself, bro. It's not that deep. No, I'm just kidding. There's two pro tips I have for filming to actually make sure that the videos actually come out natural. One is you want to index for emotion. You can see here, this is the first frame of the videos, and it's it's super slight, but I'm I'm very clearly like emoting on emotion. So there's like excitement here, there's sadness here, there's
[15:55 | t=955] hypeness here, there's excitement here. You really want to make sure the first frame, the first 5 seconds isn't just you being monotone as [ __ ] If you're just standing there like, here's how I vibe coding an app to 10K. But holy boring, bro, you are so boring. Stop being boring. Okay, the way you can do that, honestly, just fake an emotion. Like you don't actually have to be that hype. I was actually pretty hyped because I actually was pretty excited to see my app get on the app store, right? Right? You can even see here this is me like you know being cocky maybe and the
[16:26 | t=986] other emotion is like like skeptical, frustrated. Um so that's another example of just showing emotion. So that's one, right? Really try to make sure you're getting into an energetic state when you're filming so you I I know it's unnatural. I do want to note it's really [ __ ] unnatural to pull out a camera and be like, "Hey guys, today we're going to be going out and doing a day in the life of vibe coders. Oh my gosh, I feel great. Obviously, you know, it's going to feel [ __ ] weird, but just force yourself to do it. I promise. I promise yourself. Especially my straight dudes watching this, cuz I know 80% of
[16:57 | t=1017] my viewers are [ __ ] straight dudes. Especially for my straight dudes out there. If you want to actually print money with your personal brand one day and become a big figure online. Get out of your [ __ ] nonchalant shell for once in your goddamn life, bro. And actually show yourself emoting some expression for the first time in your life. Okay? One, it's going to make you so much more interesting as a speaker. Look at me now. actually emoted right now. And two, it's going to make your videos so much more interesting because nobody wants to watch something who somebody who literally clearly does not want to be on camera right now. Force
[17:27 | t=1047] yourself to feel an emotion. So, how do you do that? Right there there's two things I always remind myself before I start filming. One is to get into a flow state. And the second one, in order to get into a flow state, then is to get endorphins rushing through my body. So, there's a couple things I do. One is every time that I caffeinate in a day, I'll always usually try to film like in the 60 minutes after I've caffeinated. This one's a little bit of a hack, but basically um it it's really easy to get into your own head and get kind of down emotions like you know your emotions are probably going to have this weird
[17:58 | t=1078] cadence where you know they're kind of up and down like you know they're spiking. This you got to really be conscious of like when do your emotions spike in the day and you want to be filming here. Um, now an event can happen that can cause you to spike in emotion. Like for example, my app getting accepted to the app store. But a lot of times you actually have to provoke this emotion to spike because you're not just going to naturally feel hyped, right? So a key to do this is uh one is caffeine. So I'm going to draw a little energy drink here. First one is caffeine. The second one is exercise.
[18:30 | t=1110] Uh, so for those of my friends here who actually do work out, working out right before you film can be a huge hack because your body has more endorphins. It's in a little bit more of an energetic state and you're probably feeling a little bit more free flowing. You're not overthinking your words. You're not overthinking what you're saying and thinking. That's exactly what I did. I worked out about like an hour ago uh before before I actually planned out this video and then I uh started drinking a Celsius as I was filming this video. Okay. Okay. So, I highly recommend you
[19:00 | t=1140] do that because it's kind of like filming drunk. Um, for those of you guys who I I know this is such a terrible freaking analogy, but think about like when you're most risy, it's probably after you've had like one or two shots of alcohol. You're not overthinking. Your inhibitions are a little bit lowered. I actually think the same applies for filming content. Or this is like another side tangent. Sorry, I I'm like low-key kind of ADHD. Hopefully, this is helpful. [laughter] But sometimes too, you can film in a lower energy state. So, this is an example of a video where I was actually
[19:32 | t=1172] more in a sad, somber state. And I was actually like kind of crying before I filmed this video. Uh, you can call me a [ __ ] but like, you know, I was actually like pretty sad because I was um, you know, talking about why I started the page and I was feeling kind of emotional and reflective. So, I was actually like in a down state. So, you don't have to always be happy, but you want to show some emotion. [music] Okay. Lastly, and this one's actually really, really huge. This one's like [ __ ] huge alpha that I usually charge people for, but I call it the minimum viable edit. Okay, so you're probably wondering
[20:03 | t=1203] here, you know, I understand all the filming and ideation and scripting part, but how do I actually edit? So, I have a very special special lesson planned for you guys. I'm actually going to open my phone and show you guys on Cap Cut my exact editing flow, so you can see literally the three most important things to index for when you're editing. The first one is to cut dead space ruthlessly. The second one is auto caption and the third one is how to pick your songs. So, let's actually hop over to Cap Cut and I will show you guys how
[20:33 | t=1233] I edited one of my most viral reels that month. All right, so I have my most viral video open on Cap Cut. And you can see I I know there's a couple complex things with overlays happening, but I'm really just going to focus on the first thing, which is cutting out dead space. Dead space is basically any time in a video where you have over 0.2 2 seconds of pausing in speech. So that's why you can see so many cuts here. Like there's 0.9 seconds, 3.3 second clip, 6.5 second clip, uh 0.4 second clip. So you can see what did I actually do here?
[21:03 | t=1263] >> Sped the past three. >> Um so if I actually were to add back the dead space, this is what it would look like. >> Just an idea. >> Sped the past. So, instead of letting that dead space actually stay, which carried on throughout the entirety of your video, will make your video feel incredibly slow, incredibly slow paced, just grab the uh white little scrubber on the timeline and pull it as far back as possible without cutting yourself off. Idea. >> And you can see you might want to
[21:33 | t=1293] overcut it. You want to overshoot it a little bit just to see what it looks like to overshoot an idea. The >> So, okay, ID. Now, it's starting to cut off. It says ID instead of idea. So maybe add back 0.1 seconds. And you want to play in this 0.1 second range. If you want to get even more precise, I actually highly recommend you uh pinch with two fingers on the timeline and pull outwards, pull this way so you can actually get more close and you can go frame by frame in the video just to cut out the dead space. You don't have to do
[22:04 | t=1324] this for for the entirety of your video, but just when you're cutting out the dead space of 0.1, 0.2 seconds, I genuinely believe it's so helpful. Secondly, auto captions. You might actually notice here uh there's there's a text hook of POV blah blah blah blah blah. But at the bottom, you might notice, bro, we just got accepted to the app store. Holy [ __ ] There's three things that I did with the auto captions. First off, if you want to learn how to add auto captions, you just hit text and then auto captions, and you can hit generate. Now, there's clearing current captions cuz I already have
[22:34 | t=1354] them. So, I'm not going to hit clear current captions. But uh once I actually did add the auto captions, here's the exact styling that I did. So you want to hit the auto caption box, hit style, and then the first thing that I did was I used a template and I actually have this saved, but it's a two words at a time. You want to find this one, the quick brown fox. I think it's somewhere in the uh basic section. And you might actually need to upgrade to Cap Cut Pro in order to unlock this. But some of these don't require Cap Cut Pro. Um like some of this one, the quick. >> Bro, we just got accepted to the app
[23:05 | t=1385] store. Holy. >> Now, this looks okay. It looks fast moving, but you're like, "Yo, this looks kind of lame." And I don't know how to describe it. It looks like it was just made by some like fourth grader doing their class project. That's very normal. What you want to do now is go back to the style section, hit the uh remove the border border, >> and you want to add a Tik Tok auto captions here. So, actually I have it saved into my font, but if you just go into the classic section and you just search classic, you want to find the exact Tik Tok auto caption, which looks
[23:36 | t=1416] like this one. I I know it's uh or or looks like this one. I know it's super precise, but there's classic 2, classic, classic go. Honestly, any of them work like at this point, we're playing with minutiae here, but you want to select the Tik Tok auto captions on classic. The reason why you do the classic font is something I genuinely firmly believe in, which is visual familiarity. You want the visuals to be familiar to the viewers. So, I always use Tik Tok font in my videos because it's the most familiar to viewers. If you're not using the Tik Tok font, you might scare
[24:07 | t=1447] viewers away being like, I don't know, this looks a little foreign and a little unfamiliar. I don't really like how it looks. So, I highly recommend you just use the Tik Tok auto captions. It's the safest bet when it comes to captions. You don't you don't want to think of yourself as some cinematic Da Vinci coming up with some new font. Oh, I'm going to use this like Times New Roman looking font. Like, yo, people are going to think I'm hella artsy. hella artsy and [ __ ] Nine times out of 10, people are going to think your video is weird, amateur, annoying, hard to read, illeible. You just want the most convenient font that's easiest to read. It's the Tik Tok classic font in Caput.
[24:37 | t=1477] Don't overthink it. I guarantee once you make this change and you start adding auto captions this way, your your views are probably going to double. I can almost guarantee it. Okay, and that is exactly how I add the auto captions. Now, it has this weird animation cuz I choose the wrong one, but hopefully you actually can find the the uh the one that says like quick brown fox without these weird like flashing in fade in fade out animations. Lastly, music. Uh this one's very very very common question that I get asked about my videos. The the first thing that you want to do is find a song that matches
[25:08 | t=1508] the vibe of your videos. So, you want to ask yourself, what emotion am I exciting inciting in my viewer by watching this video? Clearly here I'm reacting to uh my app getting on the app store. So what emotion am I showing here? There's not one right answer, but there's definitely wrong [ __ ] answers. Okay, took a guess. Good. It's excitement. It's getting hype. It's getting, you know, up energy, high energy. Now, it's not [ __ ] sad music. So, you don't want to put like, you know, corecore sad edit music over this video. It's just going to sound really weird and it's not going
[25:38 | t=1538] to feel right. And the biggest reason why somebody will actually stay and watch your video is because they feel something, not because they're cognitively thinking, "Wow, this video was so intelligently put together." No, people are going to be watching because they feel something. Whether it's feeling excited, whether they're feeling pissed off, whether they're feeling sad because you wanted them to feel sad, right? They want you want them to feel something. So, your music should match the emotion that you're trying to make them feel or else they're going to scroll because they felt nothing in the first 5 seconds of your video. As a
[26:08 | t=1568] result, they're going to scroll and hit that dopamine slot machine to hopefully feel another emotion 5 seconds later after they've scrolled past your video. Boom, your video's flopped, got no watch time, got zero retention. So, in order to avoid that, think critically about what emotion trying to strike in your viewer with your video. Then, then then you want to find the instrumental to the song on YouTube, right? Uh, so let's see. Congratulations by Post Malone was the uh was the actual song that I used.
[26:39 | t=1599] And then I just search up instrumental. And the reason why you want to use an instrumental is because you don't want the lyrics of the song like clashing with your voice. Oddly enough, I actually didn't use an instrumental for this one, but pretty much for every single one of my other videos, I only ever use instrumentals. And then lastly, lastly, when you add your music, it's usually going to be too loud. So, what you want to do to make sure that the music doesn't overpower your voice, turn down the music to u to a lower volume. So, you can see I believe this is the audio that I added. I turned down
[27:10 | t=1630] the music to around 30 40% volume. And the reason why is because if I turn it out too high, it's probably a little bit harder to hear my voice and understand what I'm saying. So, I usually turn it down to 40%. So, my voice is the primary focus. What I'm saying and narrating in my video is the primary focus. The music is just an additive uh emotional element, but you don't want it to overpower your video. So, that is how I edit my videos. We just covered in the video one, how to ideulate a broader thesis for your page
[27:41 | t=1661] using YouTube research. The second, we've covered how to actually find winning formats by scrolling on Instagram and zoinking and twisting them into a viral format into your hypothesis for your page. And then we covered how to film. And lastly, how to edit in a minimum viable editing, which should only take you around 30 minutes to maximum an hour if you're still a beginner. All in all, that whole process, every single day, if you're doing it, should probably only take you like 2 hours to make the videos. And that is how I grew 30,000 followers in
[28:11 | t=1691] the span 30 hours. Now, once again, this is just a small percentage of what I actually teach inside my bigger community. I have a paid community called Content Academy where I have about like 12 hours of guides walking through everything on how I make my videos, how I script, how I think about hooks, how uh we have a list of like 300 viral hooks that you can just steal as well to save you some time starting your personal brand. So, if you're looking to start your personal brand, going all in on it, you can feel free to apply down below to join our paid community content
[28:42 | t=1722] academy and we will help you blow up your personal brand. But uh we have very high demand right now. So you might not be able to book a call. So just check down below and see. Okay. Thank you guys so much for watching. I'll catch you guys in the next one. Peace.
