# s057  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVisNx5C3zA)

[0:00 | t=0] Everyone tells you [clears throat] to start posting content in 2026. Start a personal brand, it's going to make you a millionaire, but no one actually tells you how to do it. So, in this video, I want to reveal to you guys my four-step framework that helped me grow 500,000 followers in the span of 2 [music] years while growing my business to 100k a month. Okay, step one. Most of you guys think you need to pull out your camera or start scripting right away and start thinking and brainstorming of ideas. I actually think that is completely [music] wrong. What you need to start with is researching and scrolling on the For You page or the explore page. So, that's exactly what we're going to do. We're going to open up Instagram [music] and
[0:31 | t=31] just literally start doom scrolling, okay? Yeah, I just ended up [ __ ] doom scrolling. What am I doing? And what we're looking [clears throat] for particularly is ideas that match both my niche and format. So, my niche for my personal brand is very simple. It's related to the business that I run, which is helping people start their personal brands, make viral content, and make money with content creation, right? And then everything surrounding that. So, that's my niche. And the format that I do is talking videos or guides, anything realistically that I'm just talking to the camera. So, that's what I'm going to be looking for >> [music] >> on my Reels. Either people talking about
[1:02 | t=62] similar concepts like starting a business, starting a brand, or anybody who's [music] just talking and giving advice. So, let's actually jump into it and let's just start scrolling and watching all the content. Mhm, this one is a pretty interesting video and it's in my niche and format, but I'm specifically looking for any videos that are outliers, particularly any videos that have gotten over 5,000 or 10,000 likes. That's usually my indicator that a video is viral and it's proven by the algorithm to actually work. That way we can actually then just copy it and templatize it. So, that's literally what we're going to do. And I
[1:33 | t=93] call this phase phase one. It's research. So, I'm just going to be looking through and let's see this video. Okay, so this one actually does match actually everything and it's very lucky that we found it two scrolls in, but it's a talking video uh about the niche of day trading in this case. And I'm just going to check if it actually is an outlier for this channel. So, it looks like it. 1 million views. Oh my gosh. And he has 68,000 followers. That is pretty much the biggest sign that the algorithm thinks it's a good video. And what does that actually mean? It just means that all of the people that the
[2:03 | t=123] algorithm on Instagram has tested and showed the video to have actually had high watch time on the video because that's all the platforms optimized for, not some stupid freaking post times or hashtags. No, it's just whichever videos garnered the most watch time and engagement from the users on the platform. So, let's see. Here's my trading strategy explained so simply that a 5-year-old could understand. What am I going to do? Here's my content strategy explained so simply that a 5-year-old can understand. And it's as simple as that. So, now I'm
[2:33 | t=153] literally just opening up a Google Doc and starting the scripting process. So, I call this step two, which is when we're going from research to actually scripting. And you might think that scripting requires insane levels of originality and probably fluency and being an incredible writer. And I honestly think that's not really true, especially if you are a beginner, you don't have tens of thousands of followers yet. Don't rely on your intuition. See what works on the For You page and put a spin on it. That is the number one tip that I can give you to
[3:03 | t=183] instantly get your viral video tomorrow. It's find a proven viral concept. Do not try to reinvent the wheel from scratch and then rewrite it in your own words. That's what we're literally going to be doing here today. Guys, that is the method to getting your first viral video. It is not by trying to be original and trying to reinvent the wheel. So, let's actually do it. Let's see. Start on the weekly timeframe. [music] And all I'm doing is writing down his sentences and then under that I'll probably just write my own version. So, start on the blank. Right? That's kind of the framework that I'm coming up with here. So, in this case, start with
[3:35 | t=215] the algorithm. It's taking notes on everything that I am noticing both from what he is saying as well as what are the visuals on the screen. Because with short-form video, it's not just a written platform or spoken platform. The visuals on the screen also matter. So, I'm also writing down he puts very simple charts as visuals. And the reason why I think this is so helpful is because the video itself is about his trading strategy explained so simply that a five-year-old can understand.
[4:05 | t=245] And in this case, too, I can even write some bullet points on why did that go viral? Trading strategy sounds like a complex thing that most people want to learn, but honestly can't even fathom understand it. And the reason why I'm actually writing down this thesis is because I actually am not 100% sure if content strategy is the right wording to make the video go as viral as possible. And now we're thinking more in the psychology of the viewer's minds. And this is getting a little bit more advanced where it's not just copying,
[4:35 | t=275] but now it's critically thinking about who our viewer is and what would actually resonate with them. So, in this case, they're probably appealing to beginners to day trading, right? So, who is my audience? Well, I'm probably appealing to beginners to content creation, and that is the ideal viewer and ideal customer that my business serves as well. So, here's my content strategy explained so simply that a five-year-old can understand. Instead of content strategy, maybe it's here's how to go viral explained so simply that a five-year-old could understand. Actually, I like this. This is our hook
[5:05 | t=305] right here. So, a hook, if you guys aren't familiar, is the first sentence of your video, and it's the key to going viral because it is the make-or-break sentence where you either capture your viewer's attention or you essentially repel them and make them want to scroll instantly off of you. So, you have to make sure you have a really compelling idea and words that actually resonate with what your viewers want to see. So, that can be even comedic stuff. It can be trending topics. In this case, I'm appealing to the wants and desires of my ideal viewer persona. We have the first sentence. Instead of start on the weekly time frame, maybe instead we say start with the hook. Boom. The first sentence,
[5:38 | t=338] for those of you guys who don't know. Maybe that's a sentence. Price go up, you look to buy. Price go down, you look to sell. I'm [snorts] going to talk through my viral video creation process here and my thinking is that like video is viral, you look to copy. Video isn't viral, you scroll. Start with your first sentence. Maybe instead of saying price go up, price go down. I like this analogy but it doesn't really apply to content here. It doesn't
[6:08 | t=368] really apply to my niche which in my niche it's content creation. So instead of saying X go up and Y go or X go up and X go down, maybe I could say pick a viral proven hook. Show visual on screen of list of viral hooks. Change two words. In this case, I really do need to show this visually because this is actually kind of hard to explain in the video. Video is viral, okay, we're going to skip that cuz we already did that. Go to the daily time frame. You know, my brain instantly thinks viral content
[6:38 | t=398] creation is too difficult for a five-year-old to understand. I need to actually add nuance to the point where a five-year-old cannot understand. But the video is about a five-year-old actually being capable of understanding content creation. So in this case, I probably have to dumb down my concept. I guess this is another lesson with content creation scripting like viral content scripting. A lot of it is dumbing down your concepts and simplifying it so it fits within a 60-second video. If you're watching this video, you might be an expert at whatever topic or niche that you're covering. Maybe you're a fitness creator and you know all of these
[7:08 | t=428] complex things about muscle maturity, muscle endurance, time under tension, blah blah blah, you know, big complex scary words. And you kind of want to prove that because you have this ego that wants to prove that you know what you're talking about to the people. But in reality, you need to be thinking about what is your hook and how does every single sentence tie back to your first sentence. Here's how to go viral. I like how to go viral. How to go viral is a good outcome. Start scrolling TikTok. I think TikTok is a word that resonates harder with the audience. Now I'm going to post this video both onto Instagram Reels and TikTok. Let's just say TikTok for now. Open TikTok. That's
[7:39 | t=459] even simpler for a five-year-old to understand, right? [music] Stop on a viral video. Write down their first sentence. Ah, so he uses charts as visuals. So he uses visuals to explain a very simple concept. [music] Change one word from their sentence. Maybe in this case I'll put visual of blank Google Doc changing words. Cuz I like the idea of a simple clean visual because that's what they're using as well in the viral inspo video. Note, I guess from the inspo video, he
[8:10 | t=490] >> [music] >> uses baby talk. It's like big candle, small wick. He doesn't use complete sentences. Write down first sentence, change one word from sentence. So incomplete sentences, open iPhone camera, film speaking sentences, open CapCut. At this point now I'm kind of just talking about editing. [music] Ironic because this video is actually also about how to make viral content, so it's pretty funny. I honestly don't even understand what's going on in this Day Traders [music] video. This is an interesting tidbit for me on why it went viral. Maybe it's because a lot of people don't actually understand what
[8:40 | t=520] happened here. Hm, open CapCut, click auto caption, TikTok classic font. The thing is this video actually has real sauce, so I do need to make sure this is my video actually has real sauce, too. Here's how to go viral explained so simply that a 5-year-old can understand. Open TikTok, scroll, stop on viral video. Write down first sentence. This is a hook. I do want to explain some things. I do think that does help the video actually perform well. I'm not copying exactly word for word here because
[9:11 | t=551] obviously we're talking about different concepts. This is his hook. Now you have viral hook. Do this for their whole video. Now you have a viral original script. [music] Film speaking sentences, press record, speak, mess up. Right, cuz I want this video to actually be relatable and valuable. Keep recording. Press stop, open CapCut, click auto caption, TikTok I think this is the part that's actually valuable cuz it's novel information. On at this point, all of
[9:41 | t=581] these are going to have like b-roll visuals, overlays on top of it. And I'll show you guys how to do that later on in the video. I'm just going to write that down here. B-roll overlay. It's like a close-up shot of the CapCut app [music] on an iPhone. So, I'm actually going to film this shot later. Click auto-captions. TikTok classic font. Something about this video, I'm not going to lie, I'm looking at it, it feels bare. Feels like yes, I am explaining a way that a five-year-old could understand, [music] but it feels too simple and basic to the point where it's not going to be valuable. So, this is a key lesson for any kind of talking
[10:12 | t=612] content. You need to actually have some unique value that a viewer will walk away being like, "Oh, wow, this video actually was helpful." So, [music] I'm trying to think now. This This is where I really need to empathize with my viewer. A viewer knows generally what CapCut is. They know what a hook is. Now, you have a viral script. Maybe I could talk about lighting. Lighting is something that's also really helpful for making viral videos. Mess up, >> [music] >> keep recording. Press enter, so it is two words at a time. Press return, so it is two words at a time. Let's see what the Inspo video did. Here's how I create
[10:43 | t=643] viral Instagram Reels, explained so simply that a five-year-old can understand. I think this is it. I think this is it. Open Instagram. Scroll. Stop on viral video. Write down first sentence. This is their hook. Or I guess, read script. Mess up, press return, all captions fit in one line. Now, you have a viral edit. Open Instagram. Press post. That's it. That's how I've made all of these viral videos. Point up at screen. Honestly, [music]
[11:15 | t=675] this is it. And I I think I can read over the hook one more time. So, the end of the scripting process is just me essentially doing a revision and thinking through clearly, one, does it make complete sense? Are there [music] any points that are hard to understand? I really want to highlight here, if your video is hard to understand, your viewer's probably going to scroll off your video. Especially in a 60-second video, it's really easy to lose comprehension or for a viewer to get confused. >> What do you mean by that? >> And you just have to ask yourself, [music] if I were a stranger watching this video of this Asian dude with the short hair on his For You page yakking
[11:47 | t=707] about creating viral Instagram Reels, would I ever have any points where I just want to scroll off it for any reason? Maybe I get confused, maybe I get bored, maybe maybe I stop believing in him, right? So, let's actually read through it. Here's how I create viral Instagram Reels explained so simply that a 5-year-old can understand. Write down [music] first sentence. This is kind of confusing. So, notice here, I'm reading aloud the entire script [music] word for word. And I'm reading it aloud. I'm seeing how every sentence flows. And I know this is kind of tedious, but me actually reading everything aloud
[12:18 | t=738] >> [music] >> helps me understand how the entire video flows together, so at no point does it feel robotic or confusing. I can say it from sentence to your niche to a keyword from your niche. So, this The difficult part of me saying this is that it's the most helpful version of the advice, but it's not simple enough that a 5-year-old can understand. Write down first sentence. This is their hook. Change three words from sentence. [music] Now, you have a viral hook. Repeat for entire video. Honestly, I think it's I think
[12:48 | t=768] we're at the place where [music] we can record it. Now, I I do want to highlight, I'm literally going to make all of this on my phone on iPhone. I'm not going to use >> [music] >> like an advanced camera obviously cuz I'm recording it here. So, I want to show you guys that you can literally make viral Instagram Reels straight from your iPhone no other equipment. So, let's jump into the actual filming process. And I'm actually doing this in the morning cuz it's [ __ ] 1:41 a.m. And I'll show you guys my actual viral filming uh protocol so I can get into the mood to help you
[13:19 | t=799] guys bring out the most charismatic, natural, authentic version of [music] yourself onto camera so then you can attract the audience of people who [ __ ] with you for [music] you and also want to be your die-hard fans and customers. So, I'll see you guys in 2 seconds. 1 2 Good morning. It is currently 10:30 a.m. the next morning. About to crack an energy drink. Hold up. Oh, actual mess, dude. So, something I like to do before I film is I just chug an energy [music] drink. It helps me just get out of a groggy state cuz right now, honestly,
[13:50 | t=830] I'm just really [ __ ] tired. And I think a lot of being on camera is confidence and feeling like you're best version of yourself. And whatever that looks like to you, for me honestly, that just means getting like really high energy state, you know. My landlord just scammed me for $7,000 this morning, so I'm not feeling great. We're going to have to get into a better energy state right now. But okay, we're feeling good. Here's what we're going to do. I'm going to hop onto my iPhone and I'm just going to basically screen share half of what I'm doing on my phone as
[14:20 | t=860] well. Now, for those of you guys who aren't great [music] at memorizing scripts like me, I have the memory of an absolute goldfish. Don't worry, I'm not going to force you to memorize your entire script [music] front to back. I actually have a hack for this and I call it the transcript inside CapCut. So, what I want you guys to do is first off, open up the script on your phone. So, I'm going to go to the Google Doc itself, find the actual video real script, highlight the entire thing. Okay, I'm going to copy it. And what I'm going to do is I'm not going to go into the iPhone. I'm actually going to go
[14:52 | t=892] into CapCut. [music] Then inside CapCut, I'm going to go scroll down until I hit camera. I'm going to flip the camera, do 3 minutes, and then hit teleprompter. And basically from here, I'm able to just paste. I'm going to delete the previous script that I had in here. And I used this method a couple days ago to get a [music] video that is sitting at I think 120,000 views on TikTok. So, a lot of it is obviously not just reading [music] off the script, but making it seem really like you're not reading off the script. That is the whole goal with this is you still want
[15:23 | t=923] to bring good energy on camera, at least the best energy you possibly can, and the most natural feeling energy you possibly can. [music] Right? Not just exaggerating words just for the sake of exaggerating words. Like you still want to make the viewer feel like they're talking to a real human being. So, that is the goal, and that's what we're going to do. I also I'm just going to change the settings so it's it's a little bit less fast, and all I'm really going to do [music] is think now about the lighting and the framing of this video. Usually, I'll just hold it on my hand,
[15:54 | t=954] or I'll just put it down on like a desk or something, and I think that's what I'm going [music] to do. I'm just going to put it down on a desk. Believe it or not, this is literally what it looks like right now. Computer, camera, and then right under it I have literally just have it stacked on top of some books. I'm just going [music] to put this on top of the books that I've stacked as well. You're wondering why I'm wearing AirPods, too? I'm actually listening to Brain FM on my computer. This is not freaking sponsored. Uh I don't have any sponsors on this video except my [ __ ] self. But, basically what I'm doing is putting in focus music
[16:26 | t=986] where I I believe it's a certain frequency that helps your brain focus. But, honestly it just helps me drown out all the background noise. Noise. I was watching this interview of this creator who has like millions of subscribers, and she says that she specifically puts on noise-canceling headphones, and then just blasts music whenever she's filming in public [music] to cancel out all of the stimuli from everyone around her so she can just focus and be super locked in on the camera. I think it's been helping me film YouTube videos, as well as also filming these videos on my phone. So, yeah, it's a little hack as
[16:57 | t=1017] well. Just turn on some like meditation music basically onto your AirPods, and [music] it'll help you get in a flow state. One other thing I like to do is I like to uh just get a good stretch in, and make sure I take deep breaths before I film so I can calm my nervous system. I I want to show up on camera with an energy of like, ah, like, ah, like feeling very awkward feeling very tight and rigid. I think it's actually very common for me to feel this way on camera, especially when it's like earlier in the morning. Maybe my brain is still thinking about
[17:27 | t=1047] other parts of the business and I need to obviously context switch back into being as charismatic a person as I possibly can be for the camera. And we're just going to hit record. It might not happen on the first take, but I'm going to try and get this all in one take. I'm visualizing somebody in front of me. Here's how I create viral Instagram reels explained so simply that a five-year-old can understand. Open Instagram, scroll, stop on viral video, write down first sentence. This is their hook. Change three words. Oh, [ __ ] that up. It's fine. Change three words from sentence. Now you have a viral hook.
[17:58 | t=1078] Repeat for the entire video. Now you have a viral script. Open iPhone camera, press record, read script, mess up, keep recording, press stop, open CapCut, click auto captions, TikTok classic font. Press return so all the captions fit in one line. Now you have a viral edit. Open Instagram, press post. And that's it. That's how I've made all of these viral videos. Yeah, it's it's super [ __ ] simple. I think the video itself that the other guy made was around like 30 seconds. So this is good
[18:29 | t=1109] timing. I think the video itself was fully finished in around 40 seconds. So let's just watch back the video. I'm actually going to take off my AirPods cuz they just stopped playing. Let's actually see now and we can just jump into the editing process straight from here. Basically, now what we're going to do is press the check box at the bottom right. And just see how the audio turned out. >> viral Instagram reels explained so simply that a >> Yep, audio is good. I'm going to hit edit here in the bottom left. And now we're literally in the editing process. You fully scripted it and you fully filmed and now we're about to fully edit our video. And once we do that, it's ready to post. So let's actually do it.
[19:00 | t=1140] I'm going to make sure to cut out the dead space at the very beginning. And then I mess up here. So every time that I've messed up and I have a sentence that I don't want to keep, I always make sure to uh split, press on the uh clip in the timeline that I press split, and then I cut out the bad bad part of the sentence. Change. And then, right here, I'm going to find this little frame right here. I think it's around this point that I'll actually start speaking, and then I'll just highlight the part in the middle and press delete. Like this. These three words from sentence. Now you have a viral hook.
[19:31 | t=1171] Repeat for the entire video. Now you have a viral script. Open iPhone camera. Press record. Read script. Mess up. Keep recording. Press stop. Open CapCut. Click auto captions. TikTok classic font. Press ret- Oh. Pro tip here. I noticed I have around half a second of dead space, give or take. So, what I want to do here, if you can I'm going to play one more time. Very specifically notice the time when I take a breath. I'm I say TikTok classic font. Press and that's about 0.5 seconds. But that 0.5
[20:02 | t=1202] seconds makes the video feel slightly slower. I can keep it in there, but I think it makes the video drag on ever so slightly. So, my preference, and this is not an absolute rule by any standard, but I highly recommend, especially as a newer creator, that you are more vigilant on dead space, which is any space that you take a breath, >> [snorts] >> or any space that you're just not talking, or you trip over a word. Try to cut it out by doing what I'm doing here. So, I'm going to press here. options. TikTok classic font. I'm going
[20:32 | t=1232] to split, and then yeah, I cut out about 0.2 seconds, actually. That's it. But notice how much snappier it feels. TikTok classic font. Press return so I can actually maybe trim off now by pressing the previous clip and then just scrubbing on the white part and pressing maybe I'm dragging it leftward ever so slightly. TikTok classic font. Press return so all the captions fit in one line. Now you have a viral edit. Open Instagram. Press post. And that's it. And I'm going to cut this
[21:03 | t=1263] dead space here as well because I take a breath. Post. And that's it. That's how I've made all of these viral videos. And I'm going to cut off the ending because I want the ending to be snappy, obviously. I'm going to delete that part, and boom, there we go. It's a 30-second fully cut video. So, the steps remaining for this video personally, because right, I'm trying to match the editing style of the Inspo video, I highly recommend don't just blindly copy the editing style that I'm doing. Although, this is like a very basic editing style, I want you to also pay attention to what did you notice in your Inspo video? Did they have B-roll or
[21:34 | t=1294] text on the screen? Did they use auto captions or did they not use captions at all? Maybe they weren't even talking in the video, and all of this part is kind of just useless, and you're just watching me yap on camera, but you're not actually going to be even doing that. I don't know. But, make sure you're actually studying what the other creator is doing, not just me, because it depends on the style of video. If I'm making like a fitness edit, obviously, I'm not going to be speaking on camera, probably. I'm probably [music] going to be overlaying like a David Goggins quote with some motivational music. >> Real talk. So, guess what? You know what? Hey, Darius knees are bad. Stay
[22:06 | t=1326] hard. >> For this video specifically, here's the editing process that we're going to follow. Now that I've rough cut the video, the second part is I'm going to add B-roll. B-roll, specifically choosing shots that or choosing or creating shots more so that actually reflect what I'm saying in the script, and then I'm going to add auto captions, and then lastly, I'm going to add music. So, that's about a four-part editing process [music] right here. So, let's start off actually with B-roll. And actually, to do B-roll, I highly recommend if you're going to go this
[22:36 | t=1356] more cinematic, cinematic's a strong word, but more intentional route with your B-roll, where you do want to overlay very specific clips onto your video, let's hop on back to the computer, back to our script, and let's actually do a shot list. All righty, we're back. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to open up the Inspo video. Once again, I just want to take a quick gander at how he did his B-roll, how he did his shots and visuals. Trading explained so a five-year-old can understand. So okay, that's very interesting. He has trading
[23:07 | t=1387] explained so a five-year-old can understand in the middle of the screen. I'm just going to take a mental note of that cuz I'm probably going to edit that way, too. But let's keep watching. He has five-year-old can understand. I'm just going to write this down, too. I'm literally just going to take comments. This is my preferred method of I guess making viewer notes, but I I don't like having this complex Notion document where we have like on one side we have the the script and the other side of the shot list. I I don't know. I I think at a certain point if you templatize your creative process too much with like Notion templates and all this [ __ ] it just removes you a lot from the pure art of doing it. But I I think it's
[23:38 | t=1418] different if you have a whole team behind you, but like that At the end of the day, bro, short-form content for me is pretty much a solo operation. So I'm just doing this with mental notes so I can quickly make the shots, right? So here's how I create viral Instagram Reels explained so simply that a five-year-old can understand. I'm just going to zoom in on this line, right? Cuz he did a little zoom cut. I'm going to show you guys one more time cuz you guys probably didn't catch that. A five-year-old can understand. So actually zoom on five-year-old. And this is all helpful because now it takes the thought out of the editing process. It
[24:09 | t=1449] doesn't require me to be hyper creative while I'm editing. While like I'm doing all the editing basically here in the planning process, right? Open Instagram. So now it's a screen recording. [music] Screen recording opening Instagram. And then scroll, right? And I'm kind of just writing like this sentence equals X shot. This sentence equals another shot. So scroll then I'm probably Now I actually have to think. I do want to do a screen recording of me scrolling. I could do
[24:39 | t=1479] There's two ways I'm visualizing this. One is a shot where I'm literally just a screen recording of [music] me scrolling. Another one, however, I I think there's a more comedic angle where scrolling is kind of funny. [music] It's like I want the scroll line to kind of feel like, "Oh, man, this dude is just doom scrolling." Like it's not that deep, right? Cuz I think that helps me visualize like what a 5-year-old would understand. It's either a screen recording just of a bunch of reels scrolling really fast, and I want to use very viral famous reels that most of my viewers will probably recognize, like
[25:10 | t=1510] funny [ __ ] memes, or I'm going to do a shot of me scrolling in bed, and I'm going to have this like third-person POV where I am holding probably my phone case. I'm looking at it, and I'm probably doing this like gooner face, like So, those are the two shots that I'm visualizing here. Uh I'm going to say for the sake of this, I think the gooner face thing will be funnier. Um and then stop on viral video. I think here, this is where it's actually I could either do the boop, like a third-person POV of me stopping, but I
[25:40 | t=1540] do think like extreme close-up of like 78k plus likes. Yeah, I do think I'm going to actually This is going to be really [ __ ] meta, but it's going to be me showing the video that I'm copying. I'm literally going to probably pause on this video and then show the like count. And then write down the first sentence. This is their hook. Write down first sentence. In this case, I'm just going to say blank Google Doc. I guess this is kind of meta because if I'm showcasing the process of how I made this video of
[26:12 | t=1572] the reel, it's going to be this really weird cyclical loop. Okay, I think I'm overthinking this at this point. This is their hook. You know, actually, I'm going to go back to face shot, you know, of the me just saying, I guess. They call it A-roll. And for those of you guys who don't know, like quick little explainer with Mido here. A-roll is the pure, like you talking straight to the camera shot. B-roll on the other hand is footage that you overlay on top. So, right now, what I'm seeing on the screen right here is
[26:42 | t=1602] B-roll. But then, this is A-roll, the shot of him talking. I think you guys understand this, right? So, go back to A-roll. And I'm probably going to reference B-roll versus A-roll, B-roll, A-roll here. Change three words [music] from sentence. Changing three words in the Google Doc. Now you have a viral hook. I want to highlight I guess one thing I want to inject here is kind of a dopamine hit for the viewer. Like now you have a viral hook. It's almost giving the viewer the feeling of vicariously winning through my content. I guess I say that in the
[27:13 | t=1633] video so maybe my expressions can kind of make the viewer feel encouraged. But the whole goal of this video, right? And I highly encourage you to also think through this is to simplify the content creation process in a way that anybody can understand. I think that's the whole goal of this video. So all of my B roll decisions should inform all of my editing decisions should be informed by how I can achieve this goal. So if I want to make my video as easy as possible to understand >> [music] >> and I want to make it so a five-year-old can start posting videos if they wanted to, that means that I should probably also not just cater to helping people
[27:45 | t=1665] understand, but also make them feel emotionally excited um because I I feel like a lot of the learning process when it comes to content creation or learning any new skill is not just about understanding things, but it's about getting excited and feeling motivated, invigorated, and positively reinforced. And I want to positively reinforce them with this sentence. Holy bars, this is like we're doing [ __ ] 8D chess here with our editing. So now you have a viral hook. I probably just will leave this as A roll actually.
[28:15 | t=1695] >> [laughter] >> Okay, repeat for the entire video. I think what I'll do is I'll just have a shot of computer like sped up by like 5x. Entire video script is being typed out. I don't know exactly how I'm going to do this shot. I'll probably have to like retype everything onto a Google Doc, but I like this concept of a visual, everything being filled out on a Google Doc. It makes it feel like the viewer is essentially doing the entire video creation process like in the span of five seconds, which is a really sick
[28:46 | t=1726] dopamine hit. Now you have a viral script. This is back to A-roll. >> [music] >> I'm just going to put parentheses here. A-roll. Open iPhone camera. Uh you don't want to do on the screen recording. Screen recording of opening the iPhone camera app. I I'm probably going to make some funny face. Like I'll probably do this face. Because what's interesting is that when I open the iPhone camera on a screen record, they're going to see my face. So, it's going to be a kind of funny visual. Okay, press record. Hit record. Uh uh ooh, okay, okay, okay. Um then I'm going to look scared. Look scared, but
[29:17 | t=1757] press record. I think this could help the video hit closer to home. It's like most people when they first record their first ever video, they're scared. Uh it's probably you right now, actually. Uh they're scared. So, I want to represent that emotion visually by showing that in my facial. Read script. [music] Oh, this is so meta, but I feel like I could have messed up the script here. I could do it in straight extremely complex B-roll clip, but I don't [music] think that's necessary. Look scared, but press record. That one's good. Read script. I think this part is A-roll, honestly. I I actually think this whole part is A-roll. And then press stop. Oh,
[29:49 | t=1789] because I have the screen recording for you guys of me pressing stop on my phone. I'm just going to do press stop B-roll from end of video screen recording. I know you guys probably don't even understand what the [ __ ] I'm saying on the on the Google Doc, but trust bear with me here, guys. Bear with me. I want you guys to just absorb the thought process here and the level of intentionality that I have behind these shots because the difference here of putting 5% more intentionality in every single one of my sentences can be the difference maker between, let's say, 10,000 or 20,000 views versus a million,
[30:20 | t=1820] 2 million views, you know? Genuinely, these 5% incremental differences in retention will have like per potentially a 10x in views for you. So, I really want to highlight, yes, especially once you get into the hang of actually creating content, I want you to focus on this level of intentionality if you are serious about going viral. Okay, open CapCut. This one's pretty simple. It's same screen recording thing. I actually wrote that down here. Click auto captions. I'm going to do this actually with cropped overlays, like stickers on
[30:50 | t=1850] the screen, like I'm going to say sticker cropped overlay, rather than doing the whole screen recording thing because at this point I think it can get kind of obnoxious to keep looking at a screen recording that's hyper zoomed in. >> [clears throat] >> And in editing UI is really complex, especially for beginners. Like I'm thinking I'm empathizing with my viewer here. It's like if I screen recorded the entire CapCut UI and then I was pressing one button out of the 50 buttons, it would it would be hard for a viewer to visually keep track cuz there's so many elements on the screen. And I really want to maintain this level of visual
[31:21 | t=1881] simplicity that allows the viewer to just focus on whatever the one thing I'm talking about is. Press return so all captions fit in one line. I'm going to do This is going to be an actual screen recording. And now you have a viral edit. Open Instagram. Press post. This one's going to be a screen recording, Instagram, pressing post. I guess I I have to do this all within the span of like 3 seconds. But I think the fast-changing visual is what made this guy's video go viral, so I'm banking on the fact that me just doing all these actions super quickly will make the
[31:51 | t=1911] video seem very value dense and value packed. And that's it. I believe this That's probably what made this video so saved. Yes, it's not showing on my Reels tab here. But what I'm trying to communicate here is that the most value dense videos, especially if you're an educational content creator, will probably get a lot of saves because most likely on Reels, and this is a little bit sad, but it's like most people aren't actually going to absorb the value from your content. They're probably just going to save it and mentally masturbate to the thought of applying it later. This is kind of a tangent. A big goal of your content is not to actually make it the most deep
[32:21 | t=1941] valuable thing because most likely if you actually have expertise, it's really hard to condense an outcome for your viewer down to 30 freaking seconds. Most of the time, you're indexing harder for making them feel like they are making progress [music] and condensing it down into a way that's easier for them to understand, not in a way that's just trying to get them to understand these high-level concepts. So, a lot of the times in my Instagram Reels, right? You kind of seeing this live. You're seeing the whole PhD-level dissertation, or this is more like a college-level
[32:52 | t=1972] dissertation of everything here live on this YouTube video. But, if you're looking at my Instagram Reels, you're noticing how much simpler it is. That's because a lot of times short-form video, you want to condense down your value to the point [clears throat] where a viewer [music] can just feel like they understand one thing from it. Okay, they you just want to get them one quick dopamine hit or one quick feeling of a win. So, press post. That's it. That's how I've made all of these viral videos. And I'm pointing up at the screen. I'm going to add screenshots of my most viewed videos.
[33:22 | t=2002] Comment. Okay, done. Let's actually start filming these b-roll clips. So, I'm going to hop over back to my phone, and I'm just going to run through this entire shot list here. Okay, so we are back on our phone, and we're going to film the first b-roll clip, which is opening Instagram. [music] Okay, here we go. So, open Instagram. I actually need to download freaking Instagram real quick. So, I have it deleted. I usually delete Instagram when I don't have actual videos to make because I just end up doing [music] scrolling,
[33:52 | t=2032] just wasting my time, and I just get into a really bad funk where I compare myself to other creators. >> [music] >> So, it's a little mindset hack here, but I try to Oh, and also because I check my views religiously then, right? Obsessively to the point where it [ __ ] up my mental health. Um >> [music] >> so, I try to um Yeah, I just ended up [ __ ] doom scrolling. What am I doing? Uh I
[34:22 | t=2062] I try to delete Instagram so I just don't [ __ ] up my mental health, and I only reinstall it when I post. So, that's a little personal hack. But, anyways, anyhoo, oh yeah, we we should have we have Instagram here. So, now I'm just going to put it in the middle of my [music] screen to make it easier to screen record, and I'm just going to open Instagram. And I'm going to actually My salary progression as a therapist Okay, and I'm just [music] going to keep scrolling on videos. I think this cloud video is pretty funny, so I'm going to make sure it opens up to that. So, this is a screen recording right here. Open Instagram. When I entered high school, I didn't ex-
[34:53 | t=2093] I'm not even surprised that I've grown 21,000 followers. Hi, I'm Jerry, and 51 days Testing out the viral Home Depot life Everyone thought it would be easily removed. This is how to go from Let me record something. What am I here with today? So, people ask me all I don't want to hear you kidding. You've been hit by You've been Dude, I just failed my mid- Hey, my fiance is going to be styling me. I have such a bad habit. Okay, I feel like that's enough doom scrolling shots. I'm probably going to cut out some of the more like the the
[35:24 | t=2124] less funny videos, but then in the middle I noticed like this NYC guy flipping on the subway. I think that's just a funny clip to throw in. And if it's sped up, I think it's just going to look funny. Open Instagram scroll. Okay, stop on viral video. Now, I need to actually stop on a viral video. So, you need to go to that video. Probably going to follow bro back. I'm going to follow G. My fault. Explain my trading strategy to explain so simply that a 5-year-old could [music] understand. Yo, that was a [ __ ] tough accent, wasn't it? So, here's what I'm going to do. This one's a little bit of a unique tech here, but I'm going to save it to my uh folder [music] of saved videos. And what I'm
[35:54 | t=2154] going to do is that I'm going to go to my saved folder, and I'm just going to keep scrolling until I find it. Stop on viral videos. That's what I did. Write down first [music] sentence. So, now I actually have to do that on my phone. And actually I think that's probably better if I do it on my phone rather than on my computer. My trading strategy understand. So, I've written down this first sentence. This is their hook. Okay. Change three words from sentence. Creating viral IG reels explain so
[36:25 | t=2185] simply that a 5-year-old can understand. [music] Now, that's a viral hook. Boom! I I [ __ ] with that. I like the fact that I only have to change the beginning part. Now you have a viral hook. Repeat for the entire video. Now I have to basically write down the entire script. This is going to be kind of devious, and I wonder if there's a way that I can speed this up. You know what? Actually no. I'm just going to raw dog this entire thing. Now we have a viral script. So I believe that's the whole thing written out. Now open iPhone camera. That's the next shot I have to do. So that's a screen recording of my iPhone camera. So I'm
[36:56 | t=2216] going to move the iPhone camera icon here just so it's an easier bureau shot. Open iPhone camera. There we go. Caught that shot. Oh wait, I need to do open iPhone camera and then I have to look funny face. Oh now I have to do the scared face. Oh my god, what the [ __ ] do I do? I'm drooling, bro. Holy [ __ ] Okay. Read script.
[37:35 | t=2255] I'm just messing up on camera if you guys >> [music] >> didn't understand [ __ ] I'm doing. >> [laughter] >> Um open CapCut. Oh wait, I have to press stop. Okay, boom. I press stop. Boom boom boom. Now open CapCut. Now I must do the same with freaking CapCut, which actually sucks cuz then I have like these weird icon colors I just realized, but whatever. Okay, this is like the most minute thing, but I actually don't like how my icons are black cuz now it just becomes confusing for my viewers cuz CapCut icon generally is white actually. So I'm going to customize my home page to make it so it's default.
[38:06 | t=2286] There we go. That's so bright. Oh my gosh. Okay. Click auto captions. Oh wait, I need to screenshot this. So I'm just going to screenshot and then crop [music] this into just being the auto captions, and then I'm just going to press save in the top right. This is actually a hack for you guys, by the way. Don't use any other font that isn't the TikTok classic font. Maybe I'll actually keep this screenshot as is. You know what? I'm going to keep this screenshot as is. Okay, and now we have that b-roll shot completely done. Press return so all captions fit in one line. So I actually have to do the captions
[38:36 | t=2316] here. I guess now you guys you guys going to watch me. This is a little discombobulated, but now you guys are going to actually watch me do the auto captions live. Here's how I create viral on a move it here to the middle of the screen. And what I'm going to do is just going to hit styles, classic. And what I'm going to do then is just hit this one, right? How to create viral reels. And I'm just going to edit the captions and now this is the part that I'm going to use for the b-roll. Viral Instagram reels explained so simply that a five-year-old can understand. Open Instagram, scroll, stop on a viral video.
[39:07 | t=2347] Write down first sentence. This is their hook. Change three words from sentence. Now you have a viral hook. Repeat for the entire video. Now you have a viral script. Okay, I'm not going to do that for the entire video, but I think I have enough b-roll here. Open Instagram, press post. I'm actually just going to export this for the sake of b-roll. I actually do want to be able to upload something. And I don't want to I don't want to actually upload it to my main account, cuz obviously it's like a dummy video. I'm literally just uploading like
[39:37 | t=2377] random BS at this point, but whatever. Okay, now I have to get this shot of me basically posting. So, open Instagram reel and then [music] follow me, lol. I'm going to turn this as a trial because I don't want it to actually be in my main. Press post. Okay, I'm not actually going to press post here. But yeah, that's the whole process of all my b-roll. Now let's actually jump into CapCut and I'm going to start my screen recording again. And now let's go through the process of actually making this b-roll, add it all into my video. So at this point now I'm probably just going to narrate over
[40:08 | t=2408] as I walk in and actually edit. Here's how I create viral Instagram reels Here's how I Here's how I create viral Instagram reels explained so simply that a 5-year-old can understand. >> That a 5-year-old? I'm going to >> [music] >> edit the captions and then press return right here. So, it's All right. Sometimes CapCut does this. So, I have to split here instead and then just make it so all of these are on their own line. And then I'm going to zoom in on this part [music] cuz that's what the original did. That. There we go. Okay,
[40:38 | t=2438] now I'm just going to add overlay, [music] right? By clicking uh overlay then add overlay. And now I'm just going to attack in this screen recording that's 11 minutes long. It's actually going to take 2 years. Okay, you know what? Actually, basically add [music] and then what we can do when we add a clip is actually press on it and then move it to overlay. So, that basically I don't know why, but it it makes it significantly faster to add an overlay. Uh especially when it's longer. So, now that I have my overlay added, I'm going to find the actual part [music] where I open Instagram. So, I'm going to find
[41:08 | t=2468] this part right here. And what I'm doing is I'm going going to press split at the beginning of the overlay, delete the beginning, [music] and then move that clip all the way to when I'm going to scrub. And I'm just going to keep dragging this clip all the way to the beginning. Open Instagram. I'm going to I'm going to zoom super hard on this. Open Instagram. I'm going to mute the whole clip, too. Can understand. Open Instagram. And I'm going to speed up this entire portion right here by like 3x. Just keep scrolling. And I'm going to zoom out here so it actually shows
[41:39 | t=2499] the whole scrolling process. I might add a little vignette here just so the parts around are not going to be as visible to make to help the video feel more focused. >> Open Instagram. Scroll. Stop. Instagram. Scroll. Uh here, honestly, I think it's still not fast enough. So, I think I'm going to like 5x. I don't like this video here. What I'm going to do is I'm [music] going to split the b-roll halfway through and then cut it to this guy cuz this guy's way funnier. Uh he's like trending right now, androgenic. And then I want to find that one NYC subway
[42:09 | t=2529] clip. Cut it to that. Move it over. I need a stop on the actual video that I need, right? So, I'm going to find this video here. I'm going to delete the [music] beginning part of this b-roll clip. I'm just going to move it all the way there. Notice how for my b-roll, I'm making sure every single second of b-roll is moving as quickly as possible, so it's super precise. You know what? I'm actually going to slow this [music] down cuz I think this is moving way too fast at this point. Stop on viral video. Then I'm going to zoom in here. I might actually use a keyframe. [music] And a keyframe basically helps you move it.
[42:40 | t=2560] And I'm going to zoom in on the heart, the number of likes on this video, like really hard zoom. Like a super hard zoom. And it should do this hard You You notice how it then zooms. [music] A keyframe basically you find a starting point and an ending point and then you just zoom. And I'm going to >> [music] >> get rid of the vignette here actually cuz that makes it even worse to see. And [snorts] I'm just going to zoom even harder to the point where >> [music] >> you can only see the likes cuz I want to make this b-roll feel very focused. It should look like this. >> Instagram scroll. [music] Stop on viral
[43:11 | t=2591] video. >> To make sure the captions don't Like look how the captions get misaligned in CapCut as well. So, make sure you're fixing it. I'm going to do stop on and then viral video. Okay, [music] scroll. I'm just going to press this caption text and then do this. Okay, now I need to do the write down first sentence. So, write down first sentence and I'm going to just cut everything before that. I'm going to move it over so the Google Doc portion of the b-roll now is [music] moved back towards the beginning of the video. Okay, now I'm going to write down the first sentence. So, I'm going to remove the vignette here cuz I don't think the vignette is
[43:41 | t=2621] really helping. I might change I might turn down the brightness of the whole thing. And I'm going to I'm probably going to speed this up as well because once again, it's a very slow clip of me typing [music] [ __ ] which is going to be very boring and obviously it's not going to fit. Write down first sentence. I need to everything to fit within this like >> [music] >> probably 1 second or 2 second b-roll clip right here. So, I need to just speed this up tremendously. >> [music] >> Write down first sentence. I want write down to complete it. So, part right after it's finished. I'm just going to slow it down [music] again cuz I don't want it to just move way too fast after.
[44:13 | t=2653] Something about this shot here doesn't feel easy to understand. Like everything's super zoomed in here and then suddenly I go to this Google Doc. And I'm going to keyframe and zoom in on the actual line that I'm typing. Maybe this will help make it easier [music] to understand. Okay, and maybe I'll zoom out. I just want to see what this looks like with the keyframes. I probably should have used a narrower page on Google Docs. But let's just see. So this is this is kind of a fault in my B-roll planning process, but we're going to stick through it here and [music] figure out the editing process. Sometimes
[44:43 | t=2683] editing requires a little bit more complex problem solving. That's okay. That means that you're actually caring >> [music] >> with intentionality about your viewers' experience. That's how you're going to level up your content. Okay, honestly, let's get rid of all the keyframe stuff. [music] I don't think that's helping the viewer [clears throat] understand stuff better. I think honestly [music] the first approach that we had of just the whole Google Doc is probably the best approach that we have. Honestly, [music] I don't want this part to have the blinking thing. So I'm just going to freeze the frame on this last one, which you can do by [music] hitting this
[45:13 | t=2713] freeze button and what that does is just freeze freezes it. Okay, and then I'm going to cut it here. [music] Cut. I want to make sure this part is also deleted. This is their hook. Okay, boom. So this is what the video looks like so far with the B-roll. Open Instagram. Scroll. [music] Stop on viral video. Write down first sentence. This is their hook. Change three words. So I think here I think 23x [music] or 19x speed is a little bit too fast. Let's say 8x. Okay, I want to make sure the auto captions actually align cuz CapCut's auto captions for some reason always misalign. I'm going to zoom in
[45:44 | t=2744] here cuz I actually think zooming in on the words that I'm changing helps. Well, change. Okay, I like how that feels. I like how that feels super snappy. Repeat for the entire video. So at this point now I'm just going to show [music] the screen recording of everything getting filled in inside the video. So at this case, now I just need [music] to speed this up insanely. Like I think even this is not going to be fast enough. I think it's going to have to be like 8 seconds. Yeah. >> P for the entire video. >> Uh and I'm going to freeze this [music] frame here. I actually think this is a small knit thing, but I'm actually going
[46:14 | t=2774] to increase the size of the font cuz I just don't think it looks clear enough. Uh something about how the beginning feels doesn't feel aligned. Well, if I actually go back to the inspo video, he didn't actually use auto captions at the beginning. He put one block of text. Trading [music] explained so a 5-year-old could understand. I think I can just take out this and I'm going to use the TikTok font here. How to go viral year old can understand. I'm going to move this down a little bit here. I feel like this looks better. Here's how I create viral Instagram
[46:44 | t=2804] Reels explained so simply that a 5-year-old can understand. [music] Oh, he uses yellow captions and I think the whole point of yellow captions here is so it contrasts better with the background. So I'm actually going to use yellow captions. Open Instagram, scroll, stop on viral video, write down first >> [music] >> write down I'm just going to make sure all the captions align. Honestly, I'm just going to do this real quick for the captions so I get it out of the way. At this point we're getting pretty advanced, guys. Pretty ironic because I [music] made this video for beginners, but low-key like at this point we're going into pro tips. So if you need to pause the video, if you need to at this point like take a [ __ ] break, like
[47:15 | t=2835] it's okay. I I completely understand [music] like this is a lot. I completely understand me editing with all these small things like changing the auto captions so the changes don't apply to all the auto captions. Hopefully it's helpful, but I also completely understand if it's [music] OD. You don't need to go as crazy above and beyond. This is my viral video editing process, but you know, at the end of the day Rome wasn't built [music] in a day. So it's practice and don't feel overwhelmed, guys. Please. Notice how it does feel easier and [music] clearer to see. It's like hook pops out to you. And I did that intentionally to make it
[47:46 | t=2866] easier to understand. This is their hook. Change three words from sent I'm going to use the number instead of the letters because I think that just makes it easier to read. Now you have a I don't know why it just feels [music] better if it's two words at a time. Now you have a viral script. Okay, open iPhone camera. We got to go here now and do the iPhone camera. This is my favorite B-roll. It's super easy to understand, [music] but it expresses so much emotion here. Um also we're going to make sure this actually isn't a hyper zoomed into the point where you can't really understand what's happening. So yeah, open iPhone camera. I'm also going to turn up the brightness cuz now it's
[48:16 | t=2896] too dark, I think. I'm going to make it so it's actually all the way at the bottom, like pinned to the bottom here. I think that [music] looks cleaner. Okay, now I'm going to make sure this is also split into a different line by editing caption. This is a small thing, but I'm going to make the P script. Open iPhone camera, press record, read script. This part and [music] I'm going to zoom into that, put that back on the timeline right there. And now I'm going to speed this up because I think it looks funnier if it's sped up to like 1.5. Read script, mess up, keep recording. There we go. I'm going to put the press stop here. Man, this video is coming together. This video is really
[48:47 | t=2927] coming together with the B-roll. Okay, now I have to open CapCut. [music] Notice how all these B-roll clips realistically like don't last that long on the screen. And now I'm going to open CapCut itself [music] right there. We're almost done with this edit, guys. Oh my goodness. I know it's confusing, but just bear with me, y'all. Mess up, keep recording, press stop. Oh, record. Oh, that looks so clean. Notice how that looks so clean where every single one of the visuals matches with what I'm saying. Guys, do you see that? Yo, we're cooking. Oh my gosh. Yo, chat. Wait, look at this. Look at this. Ready? Script. Open iPhone camera, press
[49:18 | t=2958] record, read script, mess up, keep recording, press stop, open CapCut. Oh, the way that that progresses so quickly makes it such a satisfying video, guys. Oh my gosh, we just cooked. Maybe I actually don't need B- I don't I don't need text on screen here cuz I can just do this button. Okay, what I'm going to do is I'm going to put the [music] word click, but then move it out of the way once I put the auto captions there. Okay, and now I'm going to add the overlay of the photo right here. Add that, [music] scale it down, put it there. Click auto
[49:48 | t=2988] captions. Tick. Honestly, I don't like how this how cluttered this visual is. I think I just need to crop this classic cuz I think this is way easier to understand. Okay, we're almost there. This looks hella clean. TikTok classic font. Press return so Oh, I have an idea. Let me cook. Shut up. Let me cook. I'm actually going to screen record [music] this part specifically or I am pressing record. So I just turned on screen recording again and press return [music] so all the captions fit in one line. Fit in one line. There we [music] go.
[50:18 | t=3018] And now I'm going to stop the recording and throw that in there cuz I think that's a perfect b-roll clip. So I think this is the simplest way of visually demonstrating this. Press return so all the captions fit in one line. Open Instagram again. Viral edit. Open Instagram and then press post at the bottom which I think I did. The very bottom of the screen. [music] At this point I might just need to crop it. I'm just going to crop this part where I press share and then it's kind of like I select and unselect that button. Open Instagram. Press post. And that's it. Maybe I'll add a little emoji pointing up here. I've made all of these viral
[50:49 | t=3049] videos. Okay, there we go. We just did all the auto captions and the overlays. So let's see the video so far. Here's how I create viral Instagram reels explained so simply that a five-year-old can understand. Open Instagram. Scroll. Stop on viral video. Write down first sentence. This is their hook. Change three words from sentence. Now you have a viral hook. Repeat for the entire video. Now you have a viral script. Open iPhone camera. Press record. Read script. Mess up. I'm going to add a vine boom here. I'm going to add a little vine boom in the audio sounds. And then
[51:20 | t=3080] I have it saved in my audios. I'm going to show you guys how to add an audio in a second but just bear with me. Mess up. Keep recording. Press stop. Open CapCut. Click auto captions. TikTok classic font. Press return so all the captions fit in one line. Now you have a viral edit. Okay, awesome. So now I'm going to do that. I'm just going to add these two. Wow, the video is really coming together. Have a viral edit. Open Instagram. Press post. That's it. Okay, now I just need to like an actual picture of all these viral videos. Now I just need to sort by
[51:51 | t=3111] my most viral videos. It's going to take a second. Okay, so first off is this one. What what else really realistically is using that? Yeah, this one also. These all did use this editing process by the way, guys. This is not cap. I actually did use the [music] same exact process of editing for pretty much all these videos. And then lastly, I guess this one. And now that should be enough. So what I'm going to do is go back to my overlays and just add all of these. So add overlay. I actually have an idea. Because they Because I'm pointing from in to out, I can do this. So my finger's
[52:21 | t=3141] [music] pointing here, I'm going to add these two videos. And think it it'll look a little cleaner. It's kind of like my hand is magically waving. And it's adding all of these pictures into [music] the frame. Okay, there we go. So it looks like this. All of these viral videos. Okay, and now I'm just going to remove the ending piece of it so [music] it doesn't Yeah, let's rewatch it now. It's Everything's pretty much done except the music. So let's rewatch it one more time just for a revision [music] process. Here's how I create viral Instagram Reels explained so simply that a five-year-old can understand. I don't like how my eyes kind of get blocked by the text at the
[52:52 | t=3172] very beginning. This is a small thing, but always make sure that your eyes are visible [music] when you whatever you're showing something. Here's how I create viral Instagram Reels explained so simply that a five-year-old can understand. Open Instagram, scroll, stop on viral video, write down first sentence. This is their hook. Change three words from sentence. Now you have a viral hook. Repeat for the entire video. Now you have a viral script. Open iPhone camera, press record, read script, mess up, keep recording, press stop, open CapCut, click auto captions,
[53:22 | t=3202] TikTok classic font, press return so all the captions fit in one line. Now you have a viral edit. Open Instagram, press post. That's it. That's why I've made all of these viral videos. There's a world where I do want to put in screenshots of the views at the very beginning to show proof that I know what I'm talking about in the the couple seconds. I kind of also realized that maybe that's too much visual clutter and the visual in in the video that I used as inspo didn't do that. Yeah, I think [music] I do need proof though. And but what I'm going to do is I'm going to crop out everything except the views.
[53:53 | t=3233] Now we added proof and this is a concept called social proof that >> [music] >> persuades viewer to actually believe that I am worth listening to and that this video is going to be worth their time. So that's a very key thing to add in. Here's how I create viral Instagram Reels explained so simply that a five-year-old can understand. Open Instagram, scroll, stop on viral video, write down first sentence. This is their hook. Change three words from sentence. Now you have a viral hook. Repeat for the entire video. Now you have a viral script. Open iPhone camera, press record, read script, mess up, keep
[54:25 | t=3265] recording, press stop, open CapCut, click auto captions, TikTok classic font, press return so all the captions fit in one line. Now you have a viral edit. Open Instagram, press post. it. That's how I've made all of these viral videos. >> Wow. That moved so quickly, but it [ __ ] works, bro. Oh my gosh. Let's add sound. Now last last. One small thing though is that I do want to make sure my volume is audible. So something I always do is I hit the volume for all these clips and I just turn [music] up to like 400 and
[54:56 | t=3296] then I hit loudness adjustment, which basically makes it so >> [music] >> every single one of the clips are at the same volume as this one. So now they're all going to be generally around [music] like increased a little bit. The inspo video used like very casual music, so I do [music] want to use something that's also kind of casual and funny. Now you're probably wondering how am I adding music [music] from right inside CapCut? Don't you need to have it saved to your phone? I got you, okay? And this is like the finding music tech. [music]
[55:26 | t=3326] Uh I highly recommend you only use instrumental songs that don't have lyrics because you don't want you, for example, competing over the attention of like Kendrick Lamar, right? Kendrick Lamar is rapping and then you're speaking and then [music] just sounds really confusing cuz you're both speaking at the same time. So, what I do is for example this song The Magic Flute, right? The Magic Flute Queen of the Night Aria. And what I'll do is I'll basically copy link of a video, then I'm going to go to Safari [music] and I'm going to search up YTMP3. I'm going to paste, convert, and all
[55:56 | t=3356] this does basically is it allows you to download the song straight onto your phone as a file [music] as an MP3 file from YouTube. And I just hit download. So, I already exist on my phone. Uh so, once you do that, then all you have to do is go into the sounds [music] device, select from device, and then you search up. So, in this case Queen of the Night Aria and it's right there. I already have it added, so I'm not going to press it, but now it shows up here. And yeah, there you go. That's how I've added this music. Here's how I create viral Instagram Reels explained so simply that a five-year-old can understand. And I'm going to move this part a little earlier cuz I do like [music] this part of the song. It's like
[56:27 | t=3387] the most famous and I want it to cut in at like 10 seconds. And there we go. Our edit is complete. Oh my goodness. So, what we are going to do then is hit this top right corner, go to 4K, do not [music] use the AI Ultra HD. I don't know why they have this as a feature. It just makes it look really bad. Frame rate [music] 30 FPS, bit rate just do the recommended, and I'm going to hit export. Oh my gosh. If you are still watching, comment down below blueberry. Who is still watching? Who actually like Yo, if you actually did this, yo,
[56:57 | t=3417] comment blueberry down below. Genuinely, I really appreciate you doing this entire tutorial with me. At the end of the day, you know, I I really hope these videos are actually beneficial, informative, and you're actually taking action on these things because at the end of the day, yes, content creation, you know, it's a difficult skill to master at first, but it unlocks infinite opportunities as a creator. [music] You can get brand deals, you can get business, etc. and it all is, you know, gatekept behind building this skill set. So, [music] if you are looking for more help getting coached through this entire
[57:28 | t=3448] process with me alongside other expert coaches [music] taking a look directly at your videos, at your profile, finding all of the weaknesses in your videos that are keeping your [music] videos stuck under 10,000 or under 1,000 views, and then helping you grow to 10,000 followers plus. We've helped hundreds of people do [music] that inside our Community Content Academy. So, if you want to apply to join that, cuz we have to very strict application process, just apply in the first link down below in the description. So, anyways, let's go to Instagram and finish posting the
[57:58 | t=3478] video. And all we have to do is press view top left. And yeah, now I just need to add a caption. The original video's caption was "Your grandma could do this." "Your grandma could do this." I think that's hilarious, that caption. And I kind of want to do something similar. It's like a joking caption. This part doesn't matter, by the way, guys. No hashtags or posting times actually matter in your caption, cuz it's so small on the screen, it's not that biggest of a factor, but "How to go viral as a 5-year-old." Honestly, I'll probably just reiterate the steps. One, [music] research viral videos. Find an
[58:30 | t=3510] outlier in your format. And then that would be like 100k plus views. I'm actually just going to use the caption [music] to be a further like explanation for anybody. It's a little nice engagement farm, because now anybody who reads the caption will probably just give free watch time. Trading turns into [music] viral reels. Minimum viable editing in CapCut. Just hit post, bro. Okay. Boom, we're done. And we're just going to hit it and post it by pressing share. We
[59:02 | t=3542] freaking did it! Let's go! Uh and I really, really hope this was helpful. If it was helpful, I appreciate it. So, let me know in the comment section if if this all made sense, if you actually applied it. And subscribe, because we're going to be posting weekly value. Not just how to start content, but then how to master it and build a masterable personal brand, so you can create a full-time career out of this content [music] creation thing. That is literally my pride and joy at this point, helping people do this for a living. Cuz content's fun, man. Kind of just like you get to play all day
[59:33 | t=3573] and really creatively [music] express yourself. And [snorts] I hope to be a translator for you in your journey in going from absolute beginner to a full-time content creator. With that being said, I'll see you guys in the next video. Peace.
