# s058  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYVER3lFwzc)

[0:00 | t=0] In the past 2 years, I've grown from 2,000 to 500,000 followers on Instagram while growing my business from literally zero to seven figures, and I did it all with Instagram. And there's seven levels I had to go through in order to do that. So, level one is your first thousand followers. Now, in order to get your first thousand followers, I think the biggest mistake that most people make is that they try to be too original. And the biggest advice after I've coached now over a thousand creators, and in our community of around 900 creators, we have 50 people who have hit 10,000
[0:31 | t=31] followers. And the ones who get there have just become really proficient at copying content. So, I'll give you a very systematic approach to stealing videos on the For You [music] page. The first step is open up Instagram or TikTok on your computer. This is a hack. You don't want to open up on your phone because, let's be real, we love doom scrolling, and we're [music] probably just going to end up in a cycle of like, "Yo, oh, wait, this video, yo, this meme of like Charlie Kirk's like it's kind of funny." Then we just fall to a rabbit [music] hole for like an hour. So, you want to avoid that, especially when
[1:01 | t=61] you're transitioning in identity from the consumer to the creator. You need [music] to start building habits of a creator. So, one of the most helpful habits you can do is start learning [music] to consume like a creator. And the mode of consumption as a creator is more so doing research. [music] It's constantly thinking about how you can take the ideas that you're seeing on your screen and then spin it into your own content. So, once you open up the TikTok For You page or the Instagram [music] Explore page on your computer, you want to open up also a Google Doc and just start writing down every single one of the videos that you find that are in the format of content that you want
[1:31 | t=91] to make and somewhat related to your [music] niche. So, you do need to have at least one general idea of what format and niche you want to tackle with your content. The most commonly used evergreen viral formats [music] of short-form content are as follows: talking head, yapping content, educational how-to content that usually relies on visuals to teach you [music] something, skits largely with a POV caption, vlogs that document a day in your life, and they usually rely on whatever profession or title that you have in life. For example, day in the
[2:01 | t=121] life of a Harvard medical student, [music] that'll probably do well. Or my 5:00 to 9:00 after my 9:00 to 5:00 as [music] a investment banker. I know investment bankers work 9:00 to 9:00, but another harder format, but a personal favorite of mine is a challenge / storytelling style of video. You might have seen it. It's like, is it possible to ace an exam [music] after studying for just 1 hour? This requires you to actually go out and do something, but it's actually very helpful, especially if you don't have some expertise to teach other people about or you don't have like a job, honestly.
[2:31 | t=151] And that's the style of content that a lot of YouTubers make as well. They go out and do some sort of challenge. Now, once you've identified, and I highly recommend to like do this [ __ ] with me right now, identify what niche you want to target with your content. This is it. Whatever keyword or industry that you want to make videos in. If you don't know what your niche is right [music] now, that's perfectly fine. Just ask yourself what type of content do you enjoy consuming? You can literally go on the YouTube recommended page or just look at your TikTok For You page and see what generally pops up on your feed. The algorithms are honestly one of the best
[3:02 | t=182] determinants of what type of content we are most interested in consuming. And if you're watching this channel, I would guess that you're interested in content or business. Maybe you can make a series documenting your journey of [music] starting your content or starting your business or improving yourself. Now, once you've identified a niche and a format, and I'll just list tons of examples on the screen here so you can just [music] choose one of each, right? Go on to the TikTok or Instagram Explore pages, find videos with over 5,000 likes in [music] the format or niche that you're creating videos in. 5,000 likes, in my opinion, is a good indicator of a
[3:32 | t=212] viral video. It probably means it has over 100,000 or 200,000 [music] views. But this is your indicator that you it is right for you to be copying it. Now, when I say copy, I genuinely mean write down exactly word for word their entire [music] script, especially their first three sentences, and then ask yourself one, why did they include every single [music] one of these sentences? What about these sentences made it go viral? Because when you are getting your first thousand followers, [music] the biggest belief that you have to understand is that everything is your fault if you are not going viral right now. If you are
[4:02 | t=242] not growing, it is not due to some luck. It is not due to some algorithm thing. It's not due to some posting time or hashtag. That [ __ ] does not matter. It is purely [music] based on how good of videos you make. And as you ask yourself, as you study these viral videos that you see on your For You page, [music] you're going to start building up your intuition for what makes an actual good video. As you keep asking yourself that question, you're going to start learning how viral videos work, and that's going to help you build the intuition [music] to determine how to script your own videos and then how to go about filming the right angles for your own videos.
[4:33 | t=273] Phase one of getting your first thousand followers is purely just research and repetition. So, you need to be posting every single day, but I highly recommend, because this is a new habit, do not go out and try to spend two or three hours on every single one of your videos. That's like a newbie to the gym trying to do three-hour-long workouts when you don't even know the proper form for exercising. Odds are, if you put this high bar of expectation of where you need to be, you're just going to get burnt out. You're going to feel like you're never doing enough, and then you're going to get really discouraged
[5:03 | t=303] when you see lower views. So, set your bar very low and focus specifically on getting consistent. I have not really seen any of the creators that I've worked with hit like a thousand, 10,000 followers in their first week. It is very uncommon, but they will hit it in their first 30 or 60 days. So, your goal as a creator is get to your first 30 to 60 days of posting. Get to your first 30 videos that you've posted online. It's going to give you so much more data and practice than sitting around twiddling your thumbs trying to get get the perfect script and perfect video.
[5:33 | t=333] Meanwhile, you just haven't posted anything yet. So, here's my prescription to you as somebody who's posted daily during his last semester of college before he dropped out while I started a business, and I was able to grow from 50,000 to like 150,000 followers during like 4 months during that semester. And it's all because I did these daily steps. First one is actually woke up and I journaled about what I was scared of. This one that's actually something that most people don't talk about, which is the mental game of being able to create content. You're most likely going to get into your own head, and not only is is
[6:03 | t=363] that going to stop you from being able to post more consistently, it's also going to stop you from being able to express yourself in the most authentic way possible. What people don't understand about being an expressive communicator or an effective communicator on camera is that you just have to be very confident and believe in what you are saying and believe that you are actually worth being heard. No matter if you're a college student, your life will be interesting to somebody out there. Your your thoughts and your lessons will be helpful to at least one person out there who is one step behind you in the [music] journey. In fact, yo,
[6:33 | t=393] even if you have literally nothing going for you in life right now, like you are just a college freshman, you're still trying to figure out what to do with your life, document that process of figuring it out because there are tons of people in that same place as you who want to feel heard. And sometimes the best thing you can do with your content is not to be an expert, but just to be somebody else's comfort creator where you can just express what you're going through and make somebody else out there feel less alone. I think that's the value that you can provide with your content. And being cognizant as well of the value that you're providing helps you
[7:03 | t=423] >> [music] >> actually build up a following and get to your first thousand followers cuz your first thousand followers is just a thousand people that have gained value [music] from something that you've put out. And the reason why I'm telling you to copy content that you're seeing on the For You page while just changing one or two words in the hook, the first sentence that they did, is because if you're beginner to content, your biggest issue is that 90% of the people who are even exposed to your video on their algorithm are just going to swipe past it within the first three seconds. [music] It's probably not optimized, hyper-optimized like the other videos on the For You page. So, that's fine. But
[7:34 | t=454] the worst thing to do is try to create the most original hook, the most original first three sentences of your video, but then people scrolling past your video before you even get to the value, [music] before you're even able to, you know, explain whatever educational thing you're trying to teach, [music] before you're able to even show, you know, like the first hour of your day in the life. People just scroll before they even get to that point. Learning how to package yourself by copying how other people are packaging their own personal brands is the easiest way to learn. I I really want I really really want to emphasize this. Copy exactly word for word the
[8:05 | t=485] text on screen that they use. I still do this as a creator, too, because I firmly believe the meta is always shifting on social media, and if you're not constantly doing research, you will [music] fall behind even if you're a more experienced creator. And the last point before you get to the second phase of your first 10,000 followers, I know some of you guys are thinking, "Man, but I want to build a really original personal brand. I want to be original." First off, 90% of the viral content that you see on the For You page [music] is just other people copying each other. So, that's the first part. The second part is that when you really break down creativity, creativity is just synthesizing whatever inputs that you
[8:36 | t=516] have received subconsciously throughout your life. Even though you think it's the most creative idea, odds are your most creative ideas are just a synthesis, a combination, a culmination of whatever ideas that you've consumed in the past month on [music] your For You page, in whatever books you've read, in whatever life experience that you've had. Being self-aware of that as somebody who's [music] taken pride and ego in being like an original creator has helped me realize like, "Oh, I am not that important, and my ideas >> [music] >> were never like truly hyper-original, and I don't need to reinvent the wheel
[9:06 | t=546] when it comes to my titles and thumbnails or the first sentence of [music] my video." Because the algorithm will already tell you what the market and what the viewers out there are wanting to see. And if you can just create and tap into the demand that already exists on social media, that is how you're going to be able to build a brand that people actually want to watch right off the jump and not spend months and months and months posting stuff and wondering why [ __ ] is not hitting with the algorithm. It's likely because however you've packaged the first three seconds is [music] just not something
[9:37 | t=577] that viewers have a demand for, unfortunately. So, the easiest way is to tap into demand that already exists. Okay, moving on. Phase number two, getting to your first 10,000 followers. I really like this analogy with your first 10,000 followers of thinking about it as your first 10,000 true fans. This, I believe, is a phase of doubling down where you're not just testing, practicing, and copying one-off videos. But, if you've gotten to your first 1,000 followers, you've probably at least had one or two videos get above 50,000, 100,000 views. That's usually
[10:07 | t=607] where people get their first 1,000 followers from a couple videos that do decently well. So, now you're at the point where I would assume you have about 30 videos posted, and you have enough repetitions and data from the algorithm to understand what to double down on and what to eliminate from your content strategy. And this is where I would say strategy is somewhat helpful, but it's not some complex strategy where you're once again reinventing the wheel and coming up with a massive thoughtful strategy. No, no. All you are doing is looking at your page. You can even use some tools like Sort Feed. It's a Google
[10:38 | t=638] Chrome extension that allows you to sort through your Instagram profiles. Or you can just go on TikTok and then there's like a sort by popular button where you can just sort by your most popular TikToks. And literally go on to a Google Sheet. I actually have a Google Sheet that literally I I'll throw it up on the screen here that analyzes not only my best performing content, but my worst performing content. And then I can just do some pattern recognition. What did I do before creating my best performing videos? What ideas did I use when I made my best performing videos? What did I do
[11:09 | t=669] in the first 3 seconds when I made my best performing videos? What text on the screen did I put in my best performing videos? And then also do the opposite. What did I do before filming my worst performing videos? What were the hooks of my worst performers? And you know, what was I putting on the screen and showing on the screen the first 3 seconds of my worst performing videos? Those are the biggest influences towards your videos performance, [music] anyways. And I'll actually do this with my TikTok page right here. If I just open my TikTok, and I can literally just watch through, let's say, the past 20 videos that I've posted. So, one and 13.
[11:42 | t=702] Okay. So, I have 13 videos here. And what do I notice about the videos that got 60K, 40K, and 40K, and even 9K versus the ones that got 700 and, let's say, like 1,000 views. So, these this is the range that I'm seeing on my own page. But, regardless, these this still this math still applies to you even if you only have 2,000 views as your max views, [music] and then you only have like 300 views as your minimum views, right? You want to still analyze what made these first three sec like what patterns am I seeing in the first three
[12:12 | t=732] seconds [music] of these videos, okay? So, let's start with this one. I'm seeing an I threw up a number very early on in the screen. So, 50K to to 520K, right? [music] So, right off the bat, one trend that I can just analyze in my content is that people like seeing the fact that I say I I made a million dollars with my content. Or even this one, plus 400K followers in 2 years. Or this one, this is the exact script template I copied and pasted to grow 100,000 followers in 30 days. Maybe I should just say that more often. [music] And then let's see the ones that didn't
[12:42 | t=762] do as well. Whatever you chase really does run away from you. [music] If you say you want to become famous, well, you're probably going to ex Why did this one not do well? My assumption, right? And it's a pretty simple assumption, is that people don't know don't know who I am. At the end of the day, we are making videos that appeal to strangers on the For You page. So, if I don't say my expertise really quickly, I'm not essentially persuading the viewer to actually trust me. Like I'm building no ethos with the viewer that's that's communicating, "Oh, this guy's worth listening to." >> [music] >> Right? Especially when it comes to social media advice. And you can see it
[13:12 | t=792] here. Complete story on how I went from zero followers to a million dollars made. Yeah, so it's flashing a really big money number or a really big follower number really early on. Literally first 4 seconds, I believe. I don't I think the videos that don't do well have have not had that, I guess, social proof really put in in the first like couple seconds, right? And if I go to if I go to this one, I don't think you understand how big of a money printer this app that you're watching this video on is, because if you did have any content Yeah, at this point people have scrolled past me because they don't know what expertise that I
[13:42 | t=822] have. They don't know why I am personally worth listening to. So, ask yourself this, right? What words or numbers are you specifically citing? What names are you saying? Maybe you're talking about celebrities or or current events or trending topics >> [music] >> in the first 3 seconds. Maybe you're wearing something. I've seen, for example, people who talk about like medical school, right? Being a medical school student. And their best performing videos are just like wearing something that signals that they go to medical school, right? So, there's this kind of alignment and proof that they actually are, you know, a day in the
[14:12 | t=852] life of a medical school student, rather than, you know, starting their day off, but then they're just showing themselves in a regular pair of clothes. So, maybe your clothing can literally impact your setting can impact [music] how the video's performing. And you can see off these numbers, too. Especially with TikTok, a 5% increase or like a 5 10% improvement [music] in the retention past your first 3 seconds can literally be a 10x [music] 20x in views. 20x in engagement. And it's a shame because the rest of your video can be the same. The rest of your
[14:42 | t=882] video can literally be just as valuable. Yet, it's not going to do well just because those first couple seconds don't have whatever like key indicator that makes people pay attention, right? So, I want you to if you have actually posted videos already onto your page, go to your page and do this practice. Scope for the visual. Scope for the words that you're using. Those are the most important things. Maybe even check like audio quality cuz a lot of times at the beginning you [music] might just have a shitty mic quality. Like your iPhone mic should be the best that you are using. I don't recommend using some external mic
[15:12 | t=912] cuz those cheap external mics you're going to find on Amazon are probably going to [ __ ] up your audio and make it really annoying to listen to, right? But, just go through this practice and see. Now, in this practice of doubling down, you're going to figure out as well not only what performs well for you, but I also want you to ask yourself, what do you actually gain energy from and like enjoy creating? [music] This is an important question because I want you to actually think about longevity now, right? We're going to start talking about monetization. The next phase is making your first thousand dollars, but I believe in order to make your first thousand dollars and start making like
[15:43 | t=943] this into an actual career, which I have, you want to start thinking about, too, what do you actually want to create? Who do you want to serve? And I talk about this concept of the ideal viewer persona. I think it's super helpful in building like an actual long-term dedicated fan base. Who is the one demographic or one person, [music] one very specific persona that you want to speak to in your videos? And you might be thinking, [music] "Oh, but I'm not actually speaking in my videos. Maybe I'm just making, you know, music plus b-roll videos. Or maybe I'm just making like one of those vlogs that I'm not actually narrating over it." That's
[16:13 | t=973] fine, but you still want to ask yourself, "Okay, let's say I'm making a day in the life of a college student." Well, one of the most helpful things you can do is think about, "Oh, maybe I should make this for high schoolers who are interested in getting into college." And there's tons of people who've built brands around that. They're serving essentially a version of them you their younger self who's just two or three years behind them. And that's the whole basis behind the pages that I've built. Like I'm just serving a younger version of me. And this is actually one of the most powerful practices for also building a business one day. A lot of creators go into creating content, but
[16:44 | t=1004] they don't know exactly what type of, you know, monetization vehicle that they want to pursue. Ask yourself, who is the one person that you want to help? And let's say you want to help high schoolers, you know, improve [music] themselves and improve their studies so they can get into college better. I have a friend who's literally built an entire seven-figure-a-year business on that. She's gotten onto Forbes, and she's built a whole coaching business on helping high schoolers get into their dream colleges, right? And perfect their college applications. So, you can build massive businesses upon these really niche problems and these really niche
[17:15 | t=1035] ideal viewer ideal customer persona. So, really ask yourself, you can make a Google Doc, right? And I'll throw mine up on the screen here of like who you really really want to serve. And then you can start informing your videos around serving that type of person. So, for my page specifically, I want to help people build their personal brands. But, something I keep in the back of my mind is that it's not just my personal brand. I like I very specifically want to help a younger ambitious version of me who was in college, who specifically wasn't exactly sure of what he wanted to do.
[17:45 | t=1065] And [music] then content creation was the avenue that helped unlock his like full potential in life. Cuz when I think back to my ideal viewer persona, when [music] I was kind of lost in college, I felt like I wanted to pursue something in the online money space cuz I watched a bunch of YouTubers you know, flashing their lifestyles. They can just like work whenever they want. But, I was on the path to get a regular corporate marketing job. That aspect of my life really kind of depressed [music] me. I felt no motivation to really push hard in school. And as a result, I was getting like B's in some of my classes.
[18:16 | t=1096] I just felt really lost. And I felt like I had a lot of potential that I wanted [music] to eventually pursue in something. I was the type of person who really wanted to find this one thing to go all in on cuz I was a video game addict growing up. And I wanted something to, you know, pour my everything into. And I just never really found that. And content creation was the thing that really unlocked that for me. And I truly believe like >> [music] >> content creation as it has done for me and unlocked my own creative potential, I want to do that for everybody else out there watching my videos. So, what I'm trying to get at here is my mission and the thing I'm trying to serve in the niche I'm trying to serve is content
[18:47 | t=1127] creation. But, the ideal viewer persona is like a college student who wants to, you know, start some sort of career out of this, you know? And that really helps inform the [music] stories that I tell in these videos and the framing, the packaging of my titles and thumbnails of these YouTube videos as well. So, to summarize for phase two, analyze what went right and what went wrong about your videos, and then double down on the hooks, visuals, and scripts that did well for you. And lastly, ask yourself, who is the ideal viewer that you want to
[19:18 | t=1158] serve long-term with your page? And just as an encouraging note as well, trust me, there is somebody out there who will derive value from watching your videos. You might not perceive it yet because you're newer to this content journey. But, I really want to assure you, whoever you are, tell your story out there and just think about [music] perhaps a younger version of yourself. You are an expert to somebody out there. Unless you're like a five-year-old toddler, then [music] I guess like you probably won't be an expert to like Like I've seen creators blow up for like day in the life of a middle school high
[19:48 | t=1188] school student. I actually think that type of content would go super duper viral. So, content at the core is the repeated process of making something that helps somebody else out there. And that could even just be entertaining stuff, like funny videos. But, if it's funny to you personally, maybe it'll probably be funny to somebody else out there. So, regardless of what it is, understand and just believe that you are actually worth watching. What you will create will actually become worth watching. Just continue practicing and really believe that you have what it
[20:18 | t=1218] takes. You, [music] your personality, whatever communication, your lifestyle, your story is actually going to be helpful and valuable and maybe interesting or entertaining to watch to somebody else out there. These character traits that make you an interesting person will also show on camera and really think about too how to how to add those things into your videos. Let's talk about your first thousand dollars made on social media. Now, at the core, there are only two ways to make money on social media and every single creator, influencer, social
[20:49 | t=1249] media person will fall into one of these two buckets. One, A, you are either selling somebody else's product, you're either marketing some other businesses product, >> [music] >> which falls under the category of brand deals, UGC, or two, you are selling your own product in which you are building either some digital product, maybe you're building an app, a lot of people build clothing brands or they build like supplement businesses >> [music] >> and you're selling your own thing. Now, arguably I would say to start off, if you have no idea how to monetize, I would recommend actually looking into
[21:19 | t=1279] brand deals, looking into UGC. [music] There's this thing called UGC right now where companies and brands and apps are hiring beginner creators to market their products. I think it's a great way to get your foot into the door of marketing and just start learning how marketing works and [music] the core skill set behind short-form content marketing. And then eventually you can parlay that into building your own product, building your own app, building your own digital product or coaching, right? I'll give very two quick pro tips. A, if you are looking to start doing brand deals or UGC, create a business email. My
[21:49 | t=1309] business email is literally my name.business@gmail.com. You can literally just do that, okay? If you want like an easy one. You know, some people create their own custom domains where, you know, they have like minoleemedia.com. I don't I don't have that, but you can do that, you know, go on Google Workspace or Google Enterprise or whatever and then just like create a custom domain [music] and email there. Regardless, okay, you don't overthink it. Just slap an email. The reason why I'm saying this is because that is how brands will reach out to you. A lot of brands will literally just scrape TikTok and Instagram accounts using these like API tools and they will just look for
[22:19 | t=1339] accounts that have an @ in their bio or like something.com in their bio. That just helps them vet for the people who are actually [music] seriously looking for brand deals because a lot of these brands, they need good creators and like as somebody who works on the other side who talks [music] with brands now, helping them hire for content creators because that's what my community, my paid community does. Trust me, there are so many [ __ ] opportunities out there even if you only have a thousand or ten thousand followers. There are so many opportunities for [music] businesses that are looking to hire creators. So, just slap a business email in your bio
[22:50 | t=1370] and you'll never know what opportunities will be thrown [music] at you. I remember when I got my first $20 brand deal as a 16-year-old on TikTok. I had a hundred thousand followers and I remember my friend told me, "Yo, just slap a business email in your bio." And I did a brand [music] deal for a like some charger. Literally, it was some like char- like phone charger company. And that literally opened up my world cuz that made it possible for me. And I think the biggest thing with getting your first thousand dollars is to believe that it's actually possible that this [music] internet money thing is actually real and you want to make it
[23:21 | t=1401] real as soon as possible. So, the quickest action step you can take is [music] throw an email in your bio and you never know what inquiries will come at you. And then from there, just keep posting, keep posting, keep posting and eventually opportunities will come to you. Now, in terms of if you want to start some sort [music] of business or service that you are selling to your audience, right? And this is what I've been able to do to make my first million dollars from social media. I'll recommend something that will actually help you because I can't teach you [music] the like entire basics of creating your own offer. Read this book, 100 Million Offers by Alex Hormozi. It's
[23:52 | t=1432] the like ABCs textbook, right? It literally takes about a day to read. I'm not even kidding. It will take I I'm a slow reader, took me one day to read. It's probably like a hundred pages long [music] and it'll teach you the ABCs of what selling something is. It'll teach you how to sell, what to sell, and how to package what you sell so people actually want to buy it, right? Even if you're a complete beginner, right? [music] It helped me get my first $2,000 a month client, right? [music] It helped me sell my first $500 Now, it was like $200 digital product when I first tried
[24:22 | t=1462] selling a course on a TikTok. Now, I just realized a lot of you guys are probably wondering how to choose between either doing brand deals or selling your own thing. And as somebody who's done both and made tens of thousands of dollars from brand deals, I've charged up to like $14,000 for a single video and I've also hit like 100k months with my own business. [music] The pros of doing brand deals is that you really don't have to work on anything besides your content. Like all you have to do is focus on making videos, especially when you're starting your personal brand and just learning the skill of content, right? Cuz at the
[24:53 | t=1493] end of the day, getting your first 10,000, 100,000 followers >> [music] >> is just learning the skill set of content creation. And if you want to just be focused on that raw practice of that skill, [music] do just brand deals, right? Throw an email in your bio. You can even build a portfolio once you start actually doing work that just showcases all the work that you've done and it makes it easier for brands to actually convert to uh working with you. But, the cons that I have experienced is that I personally didn't like being at the mercy of brands and [music] I felt when I was especially
[25:24 | t=1524] doing brand deals and relying on brand deals that I had to always be going super-duper viral. And I just realized I didn't like having that pressure on myself every single month. I would rather have like 10,000 views per video, but actually be able to like make, you know, 10k months from that. And if you're running your own business, right, there's obviously a lot more work that goes behind the scenes that is not creating content. But, I would say the game of business has allowed me to not rely on going as viral. The only other pro I can think of of running my own business is that I do think it's another
[25:54 | t=1554] completely different creative outlet. Like I got to the point with short-form content cuz I've been making it for the past six [music] years that I started to honestly just get a little bored of making videos. Like I felt like I had finally cracked generally how to consistently make viral videos and it just didn't feel creatively challenging. But, now I would say like the game of business is there there's like infinite levels to it, you know? You can there's all these [music] parts of building a product, leading a team. And I think that's been really helpful for my own personal development. I I feel like I've become so much better of a communicator.
[26:24 | t=1584] I've been forced to become more stoic as an individual under stress and I very much valued that personal growth. This is not me like whatsoever taking a dig at being an influencer as well. Like being an influencer is lit as [ __ ] and I have friends who make way more money than me as an influencer without running any sort of business. They just do brand deals. They like absolutely print. Like you know, there are people who make millions of dollars a year, 100k months with being an influencer, with having like, you know, a million followers at this point and doing massive, massive brand deals. I know people who have charged $100,000 for a single [music]
[26:55 | t=1615] TikTok video. I am not even kidding. There are people out there who have done that. So, do not underestimate the amount of money you can make from being an influencer, doing brand [music] deals, okay? But, that also requires getting your foot in the door and putting your email in your bio. Like don't think about it. I just want you to know that there's massive income potential in case you are doubting [music] it, okay? But, for me, I've personally taken the route of business and from here forward, I will talk specifically about, you know, building an audience that actually helps you convert towards a business and then running I I guess in the sense like a
[27:25 | t=1645] personal brand slash creator business and scaling that up to $10,000 then $100,000 a month. So, let's talk about phase four now, which is going from your first $1,000 to your first 10k month. Now, for a little context, I hit my first 10k month as a creator May of 2023. And I remember putting specifically a year prior $10,000 a month on my vision board right before taking a year off from college. So, I spent a whole year chasing this number, 10k a month. And I genuinely believe I could have hit it
[27:55 | t=1675] sooner. I could have hit it within like three, four months. And I have students who do that. And what I didn't realize is that one, in order to hit consistent 10k months, you do need to somewhat systematize your creative process. I think a lot of times, especially starting out, I viewed content as this thing where I need to spend the whole day thinking of executing one video. And once you're actually trying to run a business to the point of getting 10k months, that's probably like five high-ticket clients at 2k a month or maybe it's ten like mid-high ticket clients at 1k a month, right? You have
[28:26 | t=1706] this whole other arm of your life that you're running now. Like you're running a whole [ __ ] business. You're communicating with people and you're doing all these admin tasks. And now you have this weird compartmentalization game where you still need to focus on the content cuz you can't let that slip, but then you also have this business aspect of your life where you're communicating with clients and it's a little bit higher stress. So, the biggest recommendation that I can do is figure out a system to post every single day, but start systematizing whatever viral videos that you've had and systematize like everything from the script that you're using, the hooks that
[28:56 | t=1736] you're using, how you format the hooks, like how you're filming the videos, what's like a five to ten minute pre-filming routine. And I have all those systems that I've personally used to consistently pump out viral videos and grow my accounts. Inside my private community Content Academy, this is like not a subtle plug at all, honestly, but, you know, we've helped like I've said, thousands of creators now, many of which have hit 10k months. And if you are interested in blowing up your content and getting direct coaching from me alongside other experts, you can apply
[29:26 | t=1766] and just book a call in the first link in the description. But, anyways, something that I also wish I knew sooner about hitting 10k months is that it really isn't about being a content creator. I just assumed that if I just became really, really viral, I would hit 10k months, but I've literally gotten like 50 million views in a single month making like skits and I made like 2,000 bucks. It really has nothing to do with going viral and it honestly has everything to do with you being able to actually figure out an income stream and then do that while maintaining your
[29:56 | t=1796] content and personal brands consistent posting. So during this 10K month, I was taking sales calls and I was taking client calls where I was basically hopping on these one-to-one client calls and helping other people with their own social media brands and it massively downsized the effort that I had to put into my content because I used to spend like 4 hours per video per short-form video and they would go viral. They would get 100,000 to a million views. But I realized if I want to actually be able to sustain running a whole business on top of my content, I had to be able to pump out videos in like one or two hours. So what did I do? I specifically
[30:27 | t=1827] wrote down in a Google Doc what is exactly the pre-filming routine that I do. So okay, what is a pre-filming routine? I visualize whoever my ideal viewer is, my younger self, and then I speak to them. I specifically use a like a template-ized hook and I have a doc now of 300 viral hooks that I have repeatedly used and I literally just go to that now and just like close my eyes. I'm just like, "Ah, this one." And then I'll like use whatever hook that is. This kind of goes back to the phase two of doubling down on what works, but you should have a bullet point list of what to do and what not to do in your videos
[30:57 | t=1857] to avoid common mistakes that prevent you from going viral, words that you say in your first 3 seconds that you must hit in order for viewers to actually resonate, things to avoid like dead space, you know, overly scripting to the point you where you sound robotic. Maybe that's one of the bullet points that you write down in your videos. You should have a systematized standard operating procedure, that's what you call it in business, an SOP, to train yourself every single day to be able to make content without making it your entire personality, your entire day because you have a whole business to run now. And
[31:27 | t=1887] that's something I wish I knew sooner as somebody who started off as just a creative and had to learn this whole business side and juggling both honestly burnt me out at times. And I'm going to now transition this to sustaining 10K a month because I hit my first 10K a month in May of 2023, but I only started hitting consistent 10K months about 9 months later in February of 2024, right? So what was that whole gap there of being able to actually sustain 10K a month because for a really long time it was up down up down up down. 10K a
[31:57 | t=1917] month, $0 a month. 10K a month, 500 bucks a month. And that literally kept repeating. Oh, I hit like a 15K a month. Oh, we dropped down to 500 bucks the next month. Like that happened for around a cycle of 9 months and I do believe sustaining 10K a month is sticking to the boring work [music] even when it gets repetitive. I think a lot of people, especially content creators, really chase these highs and the dopamine of doing creative [ __ ] doing the [ __ ] that's fun to you and exciting to you because ideas for new videos are really exciting and you kind of get to
[32:27 | t=1947] entertain your shiny object syndrome by making a new video every single month. But business is not like that. Business, you have to stick to one offer for like 3 months at a time. Have you ever committed to a single business idea for over 3 months? And if you're more of a beginner watching this point, I'm like, "Why the [ __ ] are you still watching this point if you're a beginner? Like go execute on shit." You probably aren't used to like committing to any kind of like business endeavor or side hustle for longer than 1 month at a time. So you have to get out of this side hustle mentality of switching ideas all the
[32:58 | t=1978] time and actually commit to one business and one offer. And the month that I actually committed to one offer that I actually enjoyed running, which was Content Academy at the time. We I literally opened up just a Discord server. It was the most bare-bones thing. I charged 50 bucks a month. It was one of those like WhatsApp communities where it was just a Discord server and then it was [music] like two hours of Loom videos. 50 bucks a month. And the first month, 40% we had 40% churn. Literally 40% of the customers that came in left. But I enjoyed it and
[33:29 | t=2009] for the first time I really felt fulfilled in serving beginners because I realized for the whole time before I was consulting these older business owners, but I was a [ __ ] 20-year-old doing this and I didn't resonate at all with the problems that business owners were going through cuz I was a 20-year-old. So once I actually committed to an offer and you don't need to like love your ICP, you know, this this whole like woo-woo [ __ ] Honestly, I don't think that's true. But once you actually commit to just one offer, stick with it even if it gets boring, [music] even if you have a low month. You're probably going to have to tweak your pricing over time. You're probably going to have to tweak the deliverables, your onboarding,
[34:00 | t=2040] your sales process. You might start with sales calls, but then you might switch to more of like a landing page funnel. And then you might have to try webinars. All of these different things, you're probably going to have to get used to doing a lot of different [ __ ] and change. But throughout all this change, you need to stick to one offer because if you're constantly starting from, you know, you're trying one thing. You're treating business like a situationship where you're just somewhat committed living dickedly to like this one idea of an offer, but then you stop after 2 months after it gets kind of hard and you, you know, your clients and your lead flow gets dry after 2 weeks. Like you will remain in this perpetual cycle.
[34:31 | t=2071] And I know people. I I've met people years prior who got in this perpetual cycle of trying something and then quitting after like 3 months after it got hard. And another thing that's helped me is gunning for like a 20 or 30K a month rather than just 10K a month. I genuinely believe if you want to set a higher standard for your norm, right? And if you want to sustain 10K a month, which I believe is a kind of like freedom number to be able to, you know, travel the world, eat Chipotle by yourself like a lunch and, you know, a Plabo every single day and not have to
[35:01 | t=2101] worry about the price of things. Like I remember specifically the one thing that I loved after unlocking 10K a month was just being able to eat a Subway sandwich every day after class and going being able to afford one of those really expensive, egregiously priced Plabo smoothies that are 10 bucks a month, adding a $2 protein scoop into it and being able to afford it every single day and not have to worry about that. Now that's obviously still a really stupid use of money, [music] but whatever that visualization of freedom is, it really does unlock when you consistently hit 10K a month. But if you're just hitting
[35:32 | t=2132] one 10K a month, but then you're not sure that you're going to actually be able to sustain it, then you're probably going to be constantly in this state of scarcity where, "Ah, I don't know. Like I don't know if I should be able to buy this. I don't know if I'll be able to, you know, I should pay for this because I don't know how my income's going to look next month." Sustaining 10K a month is the key to freedom, not hitting one single 10K a month. And trust me, there's a big difference. It was a 9-month difference for me in being able to do this and it was not views whatsoever. It was my ability to consistently commit to just one thing even when when it got hard. So one other lesson that I had to learn as a business
[36:03 | t=2163] owner is just like there's going to be moments that are like deeply uncomfortable. And in content, I don't think that's the case. In content, like [music] most of the time you're actually trying to remain playful. You're trying to remain in a state of having fun. With business, that is not the [ __ ] case. Like you might hate sales. You might be a really big people pleaser like me and you hated being like trying to sell people on a call and then sales always felt grimy to you. Or managing people, dude. I I hate managing people. Like, "Oh my gosh. Like it it like stresses me out. My core is all spiced and then I feel like I can't do what I want to do, which is create content." Well, I had to
[36:33 | t=2193] learn that. I had to spend months learning that in order to be able to sustain 10K a month and run an actual business that scaled past me because I capped out at around 15K a month and then once like I hired my friend Sam as a content coach within our community and then also this guy named Justin who I met in the summer of 2024, the moment that I actually hired a community manager inside our community, our business jumped from [music] 15K a month to 50K a month. So sustaining 10K a month is also how you set this kind of foundation and floor to then build on
[37:05 | t=2225] top of to then scale higher. And what I mean by this foundation and floor is that once you have 10K a month coming in, now you can actually pay $2,000 a month to another person. And that's huge cuz now you can start outsourcing these parts of the things like responding to your DMs all the time. That was a big thing that held me up is like I had to be super [music] engaged inside my community and I still love engaging inside Content Academy, but every single one of these small questions in the DMs like, "Where do I find this resource? Where do I find like the AI content writer?" All these questions that I would be literally repeating every single day and have to context switch every single day. Being able to invest
[37:36 | t=2256] in a team member who helped out with all of those things was [ __ ] massive to me. I'm like genuinely so grateful that I have the luxury of being able to work with a team of people on my business cuz it also makes it just more fun for me. It makes it less lonely. Now it's transitioning from sustaining 10K a month to be able to hit 100K a month. Now throughout all of this, I know at this point I've deviated a lot from content, but [music] like I said, being able to get your first 10K a month and systematizing your content creation process will help make all of this
[38:08 | t=2288] possible. You still have to create [music] this You have to still have to make this content engine keep running. One thing that's helped me, one resource that's helped me, is this concept of a minimum viable video where now I don't even script most of my videos. I just have a general framework of bullet points and I just lead with a hook in the beginning of my videos. So that's like one framework that's cut down 30 minutes of scripting time. Another framework that's helped cut down like 30 minutes of editing time is using transcript-based editing in CapCut. Basically allows you to edit using the like script of your video and you
[38:38 | t=2318] just tap the you highlight the words that you want to delete and you just delete them. So helps you delete all the dead space and the repetitive moments where you're just speaking again and again cuz you have to resay [music] the line. Helps you cut down all those things. I am able to cut down my videos now within the span of 5 to 10 minutes rather than spending 30, 40 minutes like I used to. Another one is auto captions on CapCut. You press this button and then I make my auto captions the classic TikTok font. I highly recommend the classic TikTok font. It's the most, you know, universally accepted, visually pleasing, visually familiar font for short-form videos.
[39:08 | t=2348] It's what people resonate the most with and it's the easiest to read, frankly, for most TikTok and Instagram Reel viewers. And you just make them two to three words at a time on the screen. Now I set a goal of 100K a month back in January of 2024 and only in January of 2025 did I actually hit that. And it was exactly 12 months after starting the offer Content Academy where we finally hit 100K a month. So what actually got us there to that first 100K a month? The first thing was outsourcing sales. It's a very specific thing, but I hired my friend Prosper [music] to help take
[39:38 | t=2378] sales calls and he took probably like 20, 30 sales calls during that month of January. So, that allowed me to not take any sales calls basically and just focus on creating content and generating leads for our business, [music] generating demand for our coaching services. So, that was one, outsourcing sales. The other one was honestly just being able to compartmentalize and create content consistently for months prior. Cuz I don't think honestly there was anything special about that 100K month. It's just that it was essentially a liquidation of my goodwill that I built up for my audience. I had around 300,000 Instagram
[40:09 | t=2409] followers at this point on my page and that is after posting around 400 [music] daily vlogs in the series documenting my business journey called Road to 100K a Month. I don't think there was something crazy about that 100K month. It's just the fact that I had built up so much demand for my coaching in the past year of posting about it constantly and just not selling too much. And then that one month, I just posted on my story every single week being like, "Apply to my coaching. I I opened up one-to-one coaching just for this month. I opened up one-to-one coaching just for this month." It wasn't sustainable. The next month, our business actually only made
[40:40 | t=2440] 25K, right? So, [music] like technically speaking, it wasn't really a sustained 100K month. So, I'm not going to pretend like, you know, hitting that 100K that first 100K month is the most like crazy thing and you suddenly you just unlock the freedom of a 100K month. Cuz sustaining it is actually I believe significantly harder and that's the phase that I'm in in business right now, trying to learn how to [music] sustain 100K months. But hitting that first one I genuinely believe you just have to build up a [ __ ] ton of goodwill with your audience, right? Build up an actual authority in a space [music] and then outsource sales to the point where
[41:10 | t=2470] you're just able to constantly be selling. When I be When I When I say constantly selling, I mean don't just do like a couple days launch. Most likely you're probably going to have to have a closer that's closing deals like every week for you. And I was able to do that thankfully with a friend, but you can hire closes just by like posting a story and just by posting a Google form and then you just interview them on like Zoom calls for like 15 minutes each. Outsourcing sales that helps you do the highest ROI thing in your business. Cuz at this point if you are actually are serious and you need to scale to 100K months, you need to be pumping out sh-
[41:40 | t=2500] [ __ ] ton of content and you need to be on top of your content game. Like in that month of January, I was also like consistently putting out pretty viral videos like every single week I think I had a video hit a million views and that helped a lot. So, your ability and your propensity to be able to do that [music] will determine how much goodwill you have in your audience and how many people you're able to actually sell to. And I think a lot of scaling to 100K a month was being able to free up my own time. Like at the time I also read this book Buy Back Your Time by Dan Martell and freeing up your time to actually do the highest ROI thing, which is making videos [music] for your business. And I
[42:10 | t=2530] think a lot of people who get stuck at around like 30, 50K a month in business, especially coaching or online service businesses, are so attached and so in the weeds of their day-to-day work. Like they don't have an operator helping them behind the scenes run these small things like their funnels, their sales processes. They are managing the whole thing. And it's not just the fact like you probably have enough time to be able to do that, but do you have the bandwidth to both creatively think of these big picture ideas that will help you go viral while also doing these short-term tasks like responding to all the DMs, responding to all the messages
[42:41 | t=2561] every single day, hopping on sales calls. Like you probably have [music] just enough hours to be able to do that, but if you're on this investment banker kind of routine, you might think you have the discipline and the motivation to be able to dog through it, but you're probably just going to show up really shittily in your content because your brain's half thinking about what funnels you need to make, what like customers you need to sell and it puts your brain in this scarce place, at least personally, where that I can't show up and be the [music] most creative person and I can't be my most like expressive version of myself. I don't feel
[43:11 | t=2591] connected to my mission anymore because I'm constantly thinking about how to make money from it, which is necessary to run a business, but as a creator I think that takes me out of my like flow state. And being in a flow as a creator helps you consistently pump out viral videos and I think the best creators who run like the largest personal brand operations are really on top of their content and they don't let that part of their brain slip up. Now, let's talk really big picture about sustaining 100K a month. Now, I will be very honest. I am not 100% there at like sustained 100K months. I'll I'll just like open up my dashboard and just show you guys the
[43:41 | t=2621] numbers. So, honestly just transparently show you guys some of these things that I'm like paying attention to on a like daily or or weekly basis. So, our business in November did 100, >> [music] >> our business in December did 85, our business in January was a big month. We also did like a hard organic push where we're giving away $10,000 to our students. So, that's 170K and then in February we had a 82,000. So far in the past 24 days, I think we might just reach around 90 to 100 in the next four
[44:11 | t=2651] days, but you know, we'll see. Like nothing is for certain because we currently have a a sales call funnel where you either book a book a call to actually join our community or we have like webinars where we have a free class and at the end we basically explain what Content Academy is. So, that's like the numbers in our business, but also I just want to highlight some things like we have obviously our whole internal team Discord server now. We have a team of basically around five or six people working [music] part-time-ish and then like we have like our whole like sales dashboard where we track, you know, show
[44:42 | t=2682] rates, close rates on our calls, etc. If there's one thing that I feel like I'm learning here is that one, as with any kind of [music] setting a foundation of a business, it probably makes more sense to set a higher goal. And if I were to sustain 100K a month with Content Academy, realistically it's probably by us setting a goal to aim for 200K a month and that's kind of where we are at right now. So, I think that's a lesson I'm learning right now is that like, oh, in order to sustain certain types of months, you probably just need to aim [music] for a higher month and that
[45:12 | t=2712] pushes you to raise a standard across all the board for these things like sales, marketing, for product. It forces [music] me to actually learn how to learn these skills of systematizing, delegating, managing a team and like still marketing alongside all of that. And it's been very, I would say, a a lesson of stress for me [music] like learning stress tolerance, being able to see these moving numbers go up and down obviously because everything [music] fluctuates on a daily, weekly basis and be able to be okay with that. >> [music] >> Like one particular thing in the past month has been learning ads. You know,
[45:44 | t=2744] actually learning how to do meta ads on Instagram to promote [music] Content Academy, specifically promote the free classes that we're doing. That's been really stressful to see the ads. Like we're we're spending now like 20K a month, 30K a month on ads >> [music] >> and that's like really stressful to see that number go up, you know? Thinking about the idea of our business becoming unprofitable even for a month is like really, really stressful for me. With all those things I would say like what I'm learning is to once again be okay with surrendering the preferences that I have for my lifestyle, be okay with understanding that with growth comes
[46:14 | t=2774] difficulty and stress and lots of emotion. I I do believe all these lessons of being able to deal with higher levels of stress, tolerate more levels of stress and push to a higher level has made me a better person. It's made me a more capable leader, communicator and I think at the core that's what's the most important. It's not necessarily, you know, like just growing a larger number here and there cuz I I guess if this last part is relatable to you, it's like I think at
[46:45 | t=2805] the core my core driver now is just to learn and grow. When I first hit that first 100K a month, [music] I think I felt kind of empty because I felt like I mean at the end of the day I sold it really hard to my [music] audience for that. And and then it felt like I extracted a lot of from this pot of goodwill to the point where now I'm like, "Well, I don't want to have to do that every single month. I want to be able to systematize it so I can actually feel good sustaining these bigger months or else what's the point of even running the business long-term if I don't even really enjoy the day-to-day process of
[47:15 | t=2835] running it. Like why would I even want to scale to larger months then?" And I've also had to think deeper about like why do I even actually want to push to this deeper level of discomfort. I would say 100K a month was like a big target number where I could prove to myself, "Oh, I know how to run an online business." >> [music] >> And I could prove to myself that like this content creation thing actually could work. And it was just a flashy number that I could chase. But now it's like sustaining it, there's not as much excitement. Now I've just settled into [music] this boring day-to-day of like running the offer, making sure that everything is still running and all the
[47:46 | t=2866] systems and all the people are motivated and still working and >> [music] >> that's been really stressful and not fun, you know? And I feel like I've had to like change into a different person. I think it's through all these throughout all these steps of the journey I have had [music] to change too, but I'll say this journey is specifically of scaling and sustaining 100K months has been like deeply uncomfortable for me, but throughout [music] that entire journey I think it's been worth it and I think the thing that's made it worth it has
[48:17 | t=2897] been just seeing myself grow and seeing how I've been able to be comfortable in more uncomfortable situations like in more stressful situations. I I think that's where I want to leave off the video is like I guess as we grow cuz I don't think this whole journey of growing from like literally a complete beginner as a creator to eventually maybe starting your own business is just like sustainably being a creator who's constantly pumping out content. You're going to go through these phases of shedding off old skin and shedding off old identities and all to say I think
[48:48 | t=2928] that's good. I think growth and [music] experiencing these new things of seeing different sides of yourself is always interesting, I think. And regardless of like whether it's comfortable or not, I'm just really grateful now that I get to experience on a day-to-day the emotions of stress and fear cuz I know it's pushing me to be a better person and just experience new things in life, [music] experience new aspects of life that I never had, which is like really high stress tolerance. So, yeah, I guess that's the full journey of going from
[49:19 | t=2959] zero followers to now running a I guess [music] you could call it like a seven-figure year business. If you found this helpful, you know, I obviously run a community that coaches content creators and if you want help growing your personal brand, starting content and that is [music] a and this is a journey that, you know, you want to embark on. Um we do weekly calls [music] where me and three other coaches, we hop on a a call every single week to [music] answer any of your questions, to improve
[49:49 | t=2989] your videos, to look at what can be improved in your content, and give you feedback wherever you need. And yeah, if you want help, just apply in that first link down below, and I'll see you guys in the next video. Thank you guys so much for watching. Peace.
