# s059  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyD_71zxYZg)

[0:00 | t=0] Quite possibly every single business guru online right now is telling you to build a personal brand. It's the way to survive in the age of AI, but nobody tells you how to actually do it on a realistically time-bound schedule. So, today with my girlfriend, because she always tells me that I struggle to meet time and I'm always super duper late, we have agreed that I must script, film, and edit an entire video in the next 60 minutes, or else she can post whatever she wants on my Instagram page.
[0:31 | t=31] Guys, it's within your best interest that he does not make the deadline. >> [laughter] >> 3 2 1 begin. Okay, let's go. Okay, we're going to start with our process. So, here's the process that we're going to do. We're going to ideate, then we're going to script, then we're going to film, and then we're going to edit. I probably should take around 5 minutes to ideate, 5 to 10 minutes, then around 15 minutes to script, then around 10 minutes to film, and then around 30 minutes to edit. That's my usual
[1:01 | t=61] cadence. So, you can actually do this process with me and I highly highly encourage it because this is the exact process I've used to grow 500,000 followers in the past 2 years, and I was doing this process while I was literally a college student and also building my business during that entire process. So, let's actually jump onto our computer and start the ideation process. Oh [ __ ] in the past 2 minutes I've literally just goofed off cuz I talked to the [ __ ] camera. The first step is actually market research, and this is what 99% of people won't tell you about
[1:31 | t=91] Reels. They'll tell you that you need to make a hook, a viral hook, or you need to use a storytelling framework. In reality, you should probably actually know your niche and format, and then research videos on other platforms for outliers. And I'll tell you exactly what an outlier is, but this is actually my recommendation to all of you guys who are newer to Instagram. [music] Don't guess around what actual virality looks like. If you want to make a viral video tonight, what you need to do is find viral-proven ideas, and I highly recommend you use YouTube. So, I'm here. I'm not sponsored, by the way, but this
[2:02 | t=122] is a tool called 10X, and basically what it allows you to do is find outliers, right, based on certain parameters here. So, these are the parameters that I have. An outlier score of 1.4 plus, which basically just means a video that's performed 1.4 times the average views of a channel, and I put the minimum views to be 10K because I don't want any ideas that are sitting at like 1,000 views. That's not an outlier in my opinion, that's just like a small channel. And then lastly, publication date in the last 6 months. So, once we
[2:32 | t=152] have these settings, we're going to actually look for video ideas here. And I'm just going to set a quick 5-minute timer because I also like to put a time-bound pressure on myself to actually get these ideas done because if I don't, then I'm actually just going to not get it done. I think it's a concept called Pareto's principle, but work fills up the time that it's allotted. So, you give ideating and brainstorming more time, it could take 2 hours, you might just end up doomscrolling. So, let's actually scroll with intention in the outliers. And I'm going to open up a Google Doc video idea. What we're going
[3:02 | t=182] to do is I'm just going to look through uh I spent 24 hours in the hood. And I'm just going to screenshot these outliers cuz these are all good video concepts, right? And I'm What I'm going to do is going to like paste them onto the document just to jog my brainstorming ideas. I spent 24 hours, and now this is where our niche and format come in. So, for me personally, my niche is content creation and online business, and then my format is challenge videos, it's talking head advice videos, it's educational videos. So, I spent 24 hours
[3:33 | t=213] making a video. I spent And I'm just literally going to brain dump any ideas that come to my mind. The goal is to get out of our own conscious logical thinking and just brain dump anything that comes to mind. So, I spent 24 hours. Maybe instead of 24 hours, I spent 1 hour making a vi- video. I spent 30 hours doing a side hustle. Nah, I I don't think this idea works as well, and I'm just going to keep looking and screenshotting and pasting concepts. So, the goal here is to find working titles
[4:04 | t=244] and thumbnails. And you're probably wondering, how does this convert over to short-form video? And the answer is a YouTube title is essentially the spoken or verbal hook of a Instagram Reel or TikTok. So, instead of putting this as a title, it would you would literally say out loud, I spent 24 hours in the hood to find out {dot} {dot} {dot}, right? That's pretty much what it is. And then the visual hook is usually informed by the actual thumbnail visuals because this is what got people to click, hence this is what will inform what will get
[4:35 | t=275] people to actually stop on your video and find it interesting and compelling. So, I spent 24 hours in the hood. I don't think this is that interest- or I don't think this is as applicable. I do make challenge videos, so I do think the I spend X hours could be a winning framework here. I I like this 50/50 right here. I think it's a good like transformation-esque video. I did spend actually in December 30 hours learning a side hustle. You could also do, if you're making a video right now, here's an idea for you. It's like I spent 24 hours trying viral
[5:05 | t=305] blanks. So, like viral side hustles, viral restaurant like restaurants in in my area, or like viral video game, or trying video game cheat codes, like etc., right? This video is about I spent 10 hours mastering Bruce Lee. Let's actually see the video itself. Uh let's see the full title here. So, this is obviously an outlier video. It has 750K views on a 200K subscriber channel. So, you can see it's a 1.9X 250K view
[5:36 | t=336] average versus well, the video itself had 750K. [clears throat] So, clearly it's growing very fast, but let's see. This is Bruce Lee, the actor and martial artist, taking on Elliot Hulse, the terrifying Okay, I spent 30 hours trying the most viral side hustle. Uh in December, I guess I did try I spent 30 hours mastering a side hustle to find out like if I can make 10K a month from it. 1 month. That's a little
[6:06 | t=366] wordy, but I have a hook here now, and I'm thinking I can do a clip of the first hour of that side hustle challenge for me, and then I can do I'm guessing the last hour, so like 30 hours in. Okay, okay, so we're done we're done ideating, and I think I have to settle on this idea. But I'm thinking instead of I spent 30 hours trying a new side hustle, trying to grow a brand new Instagram account from scratch to see if it's a money glitch. And this is me like
[6:37 | t=397] I guess referencing footage from that month, but hour 1 can [music] equal the shot of me posting my first video, and then hour 30 equals shot of me making money from it cuz I actually did make money from this side hustle called UGC. So, now we have the general hook structure. I spent 30 hours trying I still think this hook needs a little bit of work. Trying to grow And right now, what I'm basically doing is just thinking through what will be the most
[7:08 | t=428] interesting, but also easy to understand version of this hook cuz general rule of thumb that I do with my hooks is that I need to make sure they under- they are understandable to a literal 5-year-old. So, I spent 30 hours trying to grow a brand new Instagram account. I don't need from scratch. Creating a brand new Instagram account, content creation is a valid [music] side hustle. Uh let's actually see the video. It's now with the scripting framework, what I'm actually going to do is I'm just going to study how this video actually scripted its general structure. Obviously, it's 25 minutes long, but for the Instagram Reel that
[7:39 | t=459] we're making, probably just going to make it like, you know, 60 seconds. So, we're kind of condensing down the storytelling framework that this person's doing in a 25-minute video down to a 60-second, 90-second Reel. And undefeated champion. See, I don't think I would stand a chance against Bruce Lee's level of stardom. The challenge again is the activist is Bruce Lee, the actor and martial artist, taking on Lee. Mhm, this is Bruce Lee, the actor and martial artist. I think the framework is this is blank, the and then a kind of explanation of what it is. The viral side hustle where
[8:12 | t=492] brands pay you to post on a brand new Instagram account. This is UGC, the viral I spent 30 hours learning a new side hustle cuz that's actually true, it was a new side hustle for me, learning this side hustle called UGC. Learning a new side hustle to see if it's a money glitch. This is UGC, the viral side hustle where brands pay you to post on a brand new Instagram account. >> But here's the thing, I am using Bruce Lee in some Mhm, so here's something that the storytelling framework I think uses, which is it
[8:42 | t=522] [music] says, "But here's the thing," and it introduces another premise here. Because at the end of the day, a video can probably hook you for the first like [music] 10, 15 seconds on a YouTube video, but then in order to get somebody to watch 25 minutes, they need something called a rehook, which basically sets up the conflict and the premise for the entire video to make you hooked into watching it. It's like like I'm I gathered here 100 strangers. When Mr. Beast says, "I gathered here 100 strangers to find out who is the strongest, but here's the thing, the winner gets $100,000." So, it introduces
[9:13 | t=553] a stake. But here's the thing, I have to do it on a brand new Instagram account to prove I'm loaded with the sauce. Okay, so now we're fully deep into the scripting process here, and we're just scripting out the entire video. Here's what I'm thinking here. This is my hook, and I'm just going to highlight it in yellow, and then I'm going to put my visual hook next to it, which is this. But here's the thing, I have to do it on a brand new Instagram account to prove you don't need followers, you just need
[9:47 | t=587] the skills. Let me actually see how he develops the scripting structure, and something I like to look at is the climax and the conclusion of a video. That usually informs what the ending's going to look like, and then from there I can kind of string together the middle, but let's see here. The ending looks So, it looks like he's You know what I do think? I think I need to introduce conflict or like struggle. And this is a classic storytelling thing. I think a lot of people just showcase their best moments in a in a Instagram reel, but
[10:18 | t=618] what people and viewers really want to see is real human struggle. That's why we like watching movies, for example, Hollywood movies, because they usually portray a a protagonist going through very deep struggles. What's a deep struggle that actually went through? The reason why I'm doing this, I wanted to buy my dad a watch as a gift. I I think it was it literally exactly like $5,000. No, I think it was $6,000. The reason why I'm doing this is I want to buy my dad a watch as a gift that cost me six
[10:48 | t=648] that cost $6,000, but was struggling because my Okay, I have 43 minutes. You guys need context on this [ __ ] video. I'm just scripting literally in my brain. But let me explain some context. So, basically what happened in this actual side hustle story, I started this side hustle and it was this thing called UGC, where you basically get paid to promote apps, right, on Instagram reels. This is all real, by the way. Like I'm not making up this story. And simultaneously, I basically in that UGC account, I
[11:19 | t=679] documented me building an actual app from scratch with vibe coded. But the problem was that people [ __ ] hate vibe coders, so my app got slammed with one-star reviews because people were just like, "Yo, this is some vibe coded slop." And it wasn't great, it was kind of buggy, but you know, people are extra critical because they hate vibe coded content. Bombed [snorts] with one star. How did he conclude this video? Let's see the ending. Mom here has practiced one kick 10,000 times, and that's when it hit me. All these kicks are great in
[11:49 | t=709] his moveset, but true mastery comes from mastering one move. And from Mhm. Did you notice what he did there in his storytelling framework, which we are going to steal and twist into our own video about side hustles? That's when I realized the true point of a side hustle isn't to become excellent. Uh isn't to become rich in 30 days. It's to build up the skill set and potential to turn your
[12:21 | t=741] skill set into a full-time business one day. I think it's okay not to be perfect. I like this message. After just 1 month, like every guru will pretend like they are. When I thought hope was over, I realized an Apple payout sent me $1,000. This is actually what happened. I realize how [ __ ] random it might seem to you cuz I'm just jaw like Hopefully this is insightful. I'm literally just brain
[12:51 | t=771] dumping my actual scripting process, which a lot of it's subconscious, I will say, but hopefully you get the general framework here, which is that I take frameworks from really good videos from creators outside my niche, and then I spin it into my own niche and style, and then I use those principles of why things get attention and why things create intrigue and emotion in a video, and then I spin it into my own story. That's what storytelling's about. I think a lot of people say this [ __ ] about storytelling, where it's like, "Yo, storytelling, you just need to like go with the flow and like use
[13:21 | t=801] descriptive words and use transitionary words." And yes, that's possible, but at the end of the day, nobody's born being a [ __ ] naturally goated storyteller. [clears throat] I think that's what all these Instagram gurus don't tell you, is that a lot of times to learn storytelling, just study other storytellers, and then, you know, copy their frameworks first because you need to copy before you can just, you know, actually reinvent the wheel and be an original artist. That sent me $1,000. It was around $1,000. I forgot how much Apple paid me for the app, but I actually did make money from the app.
[13:52 | t=832] This is actually how much money the app made, by the way. This is just a random side tangent. That made 3K. Holy [ __ ] Wait, that's actually a lot of money. Damn. For my first ever app I vibe coded, by the way. But just when I thought hope was over, I got an Apple payout that sent me $1,000 for my app, and I could finally afford uh and then at the end that's when the music will turn into like a nice, happy, uh fancy ending. Just when I thought hope was over, I got an Apple payout that sent me $1,000 for my app, and I could finally afford my dad's dream watch. Okay, bet. We're
[14:25 | t=865] basically there. And now at this point I just need to actually string together the clips, but this is a general scripting framework. And now I'm just going to fill in the blanks here. I spent 30 hours Now, here's a little thing. I like to read out my scripts aloud just so I can imagine what it's like to actually see the video come together. Cuz it's one thing to write with our fingers, pause. It's another thing to actually intuitively script in a way that we actually speak like and humans actually speak like. And you want to avoid the robot voice when you're
[14:55 | t=895] scripting, which is very easy and common to to fall into, which is, you know, it's normal because you're just scripting with your fingers most of the time. So, you actually have to get out of that and speak out loud. Secret marketing the videos for them. Oh, okay, I like that cuz then I introduce the brand new Instagram concept. I spent 30 hours learning a new side hustle to see if it's a money glitch. This is UGC, the viral side hustle where brands pay you to post secret marketing videos for them. But here's the thing, maybe that transition worked, but the only problem is I think it's a problem. I'm posting
[15:25 | t=925] on a brand new Instagram account account to prove you don't need followers to make money with social media. So, on day one, I devised a master plan. I'm going to vibe code an actual app, then post on my new Instagram account documenting this journey. At the end of the month, I could afford my dad's $6,000 dream
[15:58 | t=958] watch. Uh okay, and now we're going to introduce struggle [clears throat] here. Holy [ __ ] I only have 30 minutes left. I should be editing by now. [ __ ] On day one, things went smoothly. Actually, I won't even say that. I just posted my first video. Then 7 days in, things [clears throat] took a crazy turn. We just got our app on the App Store. Clip. This is like a clip from my camera roll cuz I'm going
[16:28 | t=988] to splice in B-roll clips as well. This is a more advanced storytelling video, by the way. I understand a lot of you guys who are watching are complete [ __ ] beginners who probably have never done like complex editing before. So, do not be overwhelmed by this style of content, by the way. This is like the most advanced possible guide I can give you guys, but this is how I've grown 500,000 followers in 2 years. It's by doing good [ __ ] content. Everybody who'll tell you you can post absolute [ __ ] dog [ __ ] slop just because you have nice viral brand pillars, [music] is [ __ ] lying to you to sell you some
[16:58 | t=1018] [ __ ] I don't know, digital product course thing. Ironically, cuz I also do have a coaching community, but we do get insane results. Like all these. Editor, please throw up screenshot on the screen so I don't look like an idiot. Anyways, we got our vibe coded app somehow on the App Store, and that video blew up. We just got our first X dollar payout. We're posting a video every 2 days, started going crazy from there.
[17:31 | t=1051] Actually, our X I think that's Maybe instead of 30 day 30 hours, I spent 30 days learning a new side hustle to see. Yeah, I think this is way better. 30 days is way better than 30 hours. 7 days in, then day 20. Our video started popping off. At this point I think I can have a somewhat unfinished script, and I think I'm just going to [ __ ] you know, like freestyle the rest of it, figure out in the editing. Things started going crazy from there. Videos started popping off. My app started made
[18:03 | t=1083] its first dollar by day 21. But then, my worst nightmare happened. We got bombarded hate comments. The app started getting bombed with one-star reviews. Okay, we're introducing struggle. Let's [ __ ] go. And I started losing all motivation. Even though the UGC was making money, side hustle was making money because my videos were going viral, it felt like every time I went
[18:36 | t=1116] viral, I attracted more and more hate to this app I was pouring actual hours of loving effort into. By 30 days in, we posted I think we posted 15 15 videos. We made $5,000, but we were still shy of 6K goal. Worst of all, I felt defeated from all the hate. That's when I remembered, even if I didn't become Iga Iman Ghadzi rich in
[19:09 | t=1149] 30 days, I learned so much about content and coding that I never would have learned on my own. Made me confident to build world-changing businesses. Okay. Okay, script is over. Script is over. Let's go [ __ ] film. Okay, so now what we're going to do, I'm going to screen record. I need to go onto Google Docs. And now what I'm going to do is I'm basically going to go to my my video script here, and I'm just literally going to copy and paste this into
[19:40 | t=1180] CapCut. And I'll show you exactly why I'm copy and pasting this. I have 24 minutes to film and edit. Holy [ __ ] I have to one-shot this video. I've never one-shotted a video on one take, but let's do it. Let's Let's become goated. Let's literally become goated right now. What we're going to do now is go into the transcript in CapCut and we're going to read it out loud in the video. So, here's exactly how it works. I'm going to try this new trick where I saw this guy say, "So, in this video and then he says it." So, in this video, I spent 30 hours learning a new side hustle I get so over my words. So, in this
[20:11 | t=1211] video, I spent 30 hours learning a new side hustle to see if it's a money glitch. This is UGC, the viral side hustle where brands pay you to post secret marketing videos for them, but the only problem is I'm posting on a brand new Instagram account to prove you don't need followers to make money with social media. So, on day one, I devised a master plan. I'm going to make UGC videos promoting a vibe coding app, then vibe code an actual app and post on my UGC account documenting this journey. And the goal by the end of this month is to afford my dad his $6,000 dream watch.
[20:42 | t=1242] Now, 7 days into this challenge, things took a crazy turn. Our vibe coded app somehow got onto the App Store and that video blew up. We just caught our first Okay, okay, okay. Things started going crazy. Things started going nuclear from there. Our video started popping off and going viral. My app made its first dollar, but then my worst nightmare happened. We got bombarded with hate comments after we went viral. The app started getting bombed with one-star reviews and I
[21:12 | t=1272] started to lose all motivation. Even though the UGC side hustle was making money because my videos were going viral, it felt like every time I went viral, I attracted more and more hate to this app I was pouring actual hours of loving effort into and people just didn't see that cuz it was vibe coded. So, 30 days in, we posted 15 videos. We made $5,000, but we were still just shy of that 6K goal. And worst of all, I felt defeated from all the hate. But that's when I remembered, even if I didn't become giga Elon Godzi rich in 30 days like I
[21:43 | t=1303] thought, I learned so much about content and coding that made me confident to build a world-changing business in the future with these skills. But just when I thought my challenge would end in a motivational quote, I got an Apple payout that sent me $1,000 for the app and I could finally afford [music] my dad's dream watch, even if it was a couple months later. Boom! Okay, we're done filming. We have to literally edit right away. Holy [ __ ] we have 20 minutes. Okay, let's do this. I spent 30 hours learning a new side hustle to see if it's a money glitch.
[22:13 | t=1333] This is UGC, the viral side hustle where brands pay you to post secret marketing videos for them, but the only problem is I'm posting on a brand new Instagram account to prove you don't need followers to make money with social media. I'm going to cut out that space here. Video. So, on day one, I devised a master plan. I'm going to make UGC videos promoting a vibe coding app, then vibe code an actual app and post on my UGC account documenting this journey. And the goal by the end of this month is to afford my dad his $6,000 dream watch. And 7 days into this challenge, things
[22:44 | t=1364] took a crazy turn. I'm hitting flow state, baby. We're going to do this. Our vibe coded app somehow got onto the App Store and that video blew up. Things started going nuclear from there. Our video started popping off and going viral. My app made its first dollar, but then my worst nightmare happened. We got bombarded with hate comments after we went viral and I started to lose all motivation. though the UGC side hustle was making money because my videos were going viral, it felt like every time I went viral, I attracted more and more hate to this app I was pouring actual
[23:16 | t=1396] hours of loving effort into. 30 days in, we posted 15 videos. We made $5,000, but we were still just shy of that 6K goal. And worst of all, I felt defeated from all the hate. But that's when I remembered, even if I didn't become giga Elon Godzi rich in 30 changing business in the future with these skills. But just when I thought my challenge would end in a motivational quote, I got an Apple payout that sent me $1,000 for the app and I could finally afford my dad's dream watch. Boom! All right, we're
[23:46 | t=1426] done. We're done. We're done. Okay, now we need to Now, after we finished the rough cutting, we need to start adding B-roll. Let's go. Okay, I spent 30 days. So, now, based on my actual script, I see in the first sentence, right? I want to match this visual hook, hour one and hour 10. In this case, it's 30 days, day one, day 10. So, we're going to do that by actually finding the B-roll from this month here, which was in December of 2025 for me when I actually did this challenge.
[24:18 | t=1458] Now, we're going to delete [music] this part. I'm going to mute the B-roll clip. Okay, this is a B-roll clip of me making my first $50 from it. Let's see. Let's see. You don't need followers to make money with social media. Okay, I'm going to do a wake-up clip for day one. Oh, I got 13 minutes left. I'm so [ __ ] I am so cooked. Day one, I devised a master plan. I need to actually show the app now. Okay, I'm going to do this on this clip of me vibe coding. You want to make sure that each B-roll actually
[24:48 | t=1488] matches what you're seeing. By the way. Plan. I'm going to make UGC videos promoting a vibe coding app. This is the vibe coding app. Anything. videos promoting a vibe coding app. Okay, this is a clip of me in the freaking subway of New York vibe coding. Which is pretty sick. I had some pretty cool clips from this this month. Fun fact, the app was actually like content scoring app. app, then vibe code an actual app and p- Bye. Uh-oh. I have 10 minutes. I'm editing right now. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. I'm choosing which photos
[25:20 | t=1520] Oh, no. Oh, no. [clears throat] My girlfriend's actually serious about this. This is so bad. This is so bad. Okay, okay, now we're adding this as an overlay. Bro, we just got accepted to the App Store. >> And now I'm going to duplicate this, turn into an overlay. This is a niche hack, guys. I don't know if you guys would even know what this means, but it's basically extending the overlay to make it look extra goated. Our vibe coded app somehow got onto the App Store and that And the video blew up. Okay, where's the video now? It grew to 40K followers in 15 videos, which is pretty nuts. Please! Oh my gosh, it's literally
[25:52 | t=1552] just frozen right now, bro. the App [music] Store and that video blew up. >> There was actually a point where I was actually in the [ __ ] tank cuz I was sad over the app getting hate. Then my worst nightmare happened. Let's see if I can find hate comments to to support that. Found the hate comments. I screenshotted it and now let's add it as an overlay. Holy [ __ ] my phone literally just froze. Okay. Yeah, I might just have to take the L here and let my girlfriend post whatever she wants. Or let's We're still making a goated video and it barely took It's barely going to take over an hour. Even
[26:22 | t=1582] though the UGC side hustle was making money because my videos were going viral, it felt like every time I went viral, I attracted more and more hate >> I needed Okay, I need to actually find my App Store [music] reviews now. Yeah, yo, if you're watching this video, please leave me a positive review on my app. Although, I'm building a new app right now. It's literally three three reviews. Well, I don't know what the [ __ ] happened to the timer, but it's over now. So, I should probably call my girlfriend and tell her that she won. Well, how did she know that somehow I would not get my video done in time? 30 days in, we posted 15 videos. We made
[26:54 | t=1614] $5,000. The shot of me at night. We're just finishing up the overlays. And there's two more parts after this. There's captions and there's music. After I add this clip, I'm going to call my girlfriend. But we were still just shy of that 6K goal. And worst I'm going to do lower lower saturation. goal. And worst of all, I felt defeated from all the hate. Okay, let me call my girlfriend real quick and uh and get her to tell her that she won. Sarah.
[27:25 | t=1645] >> [singing] >> Oh, look at that. Uh What is it? What is it? Okay, well, they can get us something to eat. You don't get a look at Okay, let me Let me finish the video actually then. It takes another like 20 minutes, I think. Do you want to This is one of them? Okay, okay, okay, okay. But genuinely like 20 minutes, I'm almost done. You had to finish it earlier. No, I'm sorry. Your hungry girlfriend is I'm sorry.
[27:56 | t=1676] [laughter] Ah. And I could finally afford my dad's dream watch. Yeah. This is kind of confusing now, the edit, cuz this part, it's like the climactic music part. So, usually I actually add music during the editing process just cuz music is very integral to [music] the storytelling process, I am a Okay, I'm going to do a Ooh, I'm going to do a transition here where he looks up. Oh, yeah, that's tough, isn't it? Okay, boom. Now, let's add the Let's add the music. Holy [ __ ] this
[28:27 | t=1707] video is kind of sloppy cuz I was trying to do it in such a time constraint. So, I will say an hour is a bit ambitious. I spent 30 hours learning a new side hustle to see if it's a money glitch. This [ __ ] bugging out. My phone is actually about to explode. It's at 6%. Screen recording while editing must be like the most overheating intensive thing ever. Okay, so we just finished adding the captions in CapCut, which is just auto captions, and this is the final product. Now, right after I'm going to add background music, which is going to be Runaway by Kanye. Obviously, I can't show you guys cuz it's going to
[28:57 | t=1737] be copyrighted, but here's the finished product after editing. I'll show you guys. I spent 30 hours learning a new side hustle to see if it's a money glitch. This is UGC, the viral side hustle where brands pay you to post secret marketing videos for them, but the only problem is I'm posting on a brand new Instagram account to prove you don't need followers to make money with social media. So, on day one, I devised a master plan. I'm going to make UGC videos promoting a vibe coding app, then vibe code an actual app and post on my UGC account documenting this journey. And the goal by the end of this month is
[29:27 | t=1767] to afford my dad his $6,000 dream watch. Now, 7 days into this challenge, things took a crazy turn. Bro, we just got accepted to the App Store. Our vibe coded app somehow got onto the App Store and that video blew up. But then my worst nightmare happened. We got bombarded with hate comments after we went viral. though the UGC side hustle was making money because my videos were going viral, it felt like every time I went viral, I attracted more and more hate. 30 days in, we posted 15 videos. We made $5,000, but we were still just
[29:59 | t=1799] shy of that 6K goal. And worst of all, I felt defeated from all the hate. But just when I thought my challenge would end in a motivational quote, I got an Apple payout that sent me $1,000 for the app, and I could finally afford my dad's dream watch. But basically, thank you guys so much for watching this video. Sarah is going to post this post on my Instagram. So by the
[30:31 | t=1831] time this video's up, it should be up on my main feed. So, yeah. Hopefully this was helpful. I really wanted to give a super in-depth uh tutorial on how I make my videos, and even the most viral storytelling reels. If you guys found this helpful, please drop a subscribe. Honestly, cuz I have so many more of these guides coming out for you guys. And let me know in the comment section as well if you want to see a certain type of video from me. >> [music] >> I've been making content for a really
[31:01 | t=1861] long time. So, if you guys want any guides, I am here, and I am here to give you the best possible content to help you make a full-time living as a creator. And make this [ __ ] this this vague dream being creator. Everybody wants to be a creator these days. Make this vague dream an actual reality for you. All right. See you soon. Peace.
