# s061  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mWCrtGnXlY)

[0:00 | t=0] All right, this video I'm going to do a tier list ranking all the different ways that I've made money through Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube and then rank how easy they are between one being really bad and hard and 10 being really easy and good to make your first 1K, 10K, 100K, and a mill and then how easy it is to grow on these platforms. Now, this is going to be an evidence-based tier list as somebody who runs my business literally through these three platforms. In the past 90 days, our business has done 256K in rev from these three platforms. But if I actually do a breakdown, I actually have tracked all of these different platforms and how much revenue they've actually brought into our business. But the cool thing is
[0:31 | t=31] that I actually haven't had to go super duper viral on these platforms. Just thought that was kind of interesting. Like 1.4 mil on IG, 57K on YouTube, and then like 1.9 mil on TikTok. But I've been doing this social media thing for the past 4 years. I've grown three accounts on TikTok to over 100,000 followers. You can see on the screen right here. Boom, boom, boom. Across three different niches. And I've monetized all the way from doing brand deals to doing UGC. I've even tried TikTok Shop for a little bit. And now I monetize through my own coaching business where we teach other people how
[1:01 | t=61] to grow and monetize their social medias. Let's start off with how easy it is to make your first thousand dollars with Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube. I have them rated as a seven, seven, and a four. Starting off with Instagram. What is the easiest way to make your first thousand dollars with Instagram? And I highly recommend doing this thing called UGC. It's pretty much guaranteed payment just to be posting for these brands on um on Instagram. And literally how UGC works, I'm going to actually pull up my Discord server here cuz we send out these kind of opportunities pretty much
[1:32 | t=92] every single week and you can find any of these kind of opportunities on online job boards, etc. I will link one or two in the description. But basically all you have to do is just start posting and most brands will pay you a retainer from like of like 750 bucks for 30 videos. So when I say making your first thousand dollars online, UGC is probably the best side hustle to do so. Now, is it going to help you make hundreds of thousands of dollars? Frankly, probably not. UGC doesn't have that much scalability of income. But we're talking about our first thousand dollars here. So, the
[2:02 | t=122] reason why I put Instagram at a seven is because you can really just get paid to post. And the same with TikTok. So, these two platforms have a unique opportunity called UGC where you don't even really need followers to start posting on the platforms. For example, I started this account, literally this one. I started this account and in 15 posts, I did kind of pop off. I made five thousand dollars from a brand new Instagram account doing this thing called UGC. Just to prove that you can pretty much do it as with a with a brand
[2:34 | t=154] new Instagram account. Same with TikTok as well. These brands do not discriminate between Instagram or TikTok when doing UGC. Most of these brands, like these apps who are paying you between like 30 to 50 dollars per video minimum, right? Want you to post on both TikTok and Instagram. They'll give you these things called view bonus payouts for when you actually stack up more and more views. That's how I made 5K in a single month posting uh 15 videos. Now, I put YouTube as four. Most people try and say that YouTube, YouTube Shorts, Brain Bow Automation, and like YouTube long form is the best way to start
[3:05 | t=185] making money online. And I low-key think that's a little bit of BS because there's no other opportunity that'll realistically allow you with zero startup cost to make your first thousand dollars in the first 60-ish days of just creating content. UGC is pretty much one of these untapped opportunities where you can do so. You don't have to be super super experienced. I know a lot of people who've made their first 10K months with UGC within their first 90 days of creating content. It It's a wonderful wonderful startup opportunity to make money online. Whereas YouTube,
[3:35 | t=215] let's say you want to monetize YouTube, there's like two ways you can do it. It's either through brand deals or it's through the actual like AdSense. Now, I want to show you guys something [ __ ] funny. I'll actually pull up my AdSense on my YouTube Studio and I'll show you guys how much my account has made. And this is after having posted um I don't know, maybe like almost a hundred videos at this point on my YouTube. Maybe like 50 to a hundred videos. If I pull up my all-time revenue on my YouTube. My all-time revenue with this channel, right? And I started earning in December
[4:06 | t=246] 2024. So, in the past two years, like one and a half years, I made $2,400. But for the amount of actual time that I actually had to put into this channel, it's not nearly as much. In fact, I've probably paid more to my editors in the past for helping make these videos because let's be real to it. To pump out this volume of videos, it it takes a lot of work and time. So, I would put that as a four. Because yeah, it literally took me like a year to make my first thousand dollars with YouTube. But the reason why it's not like a two or a one
[4:37 | t=277] is because if you have a business to actually help monetize your channel, if I actually go back to my internal dashboard here, you can see YouTube already attributes around 5% of the revenue of the 189K. So, you know, it has made a decent impact on my business. But that being said, to make your first thousand dollars, Instagram and TikTok are also significantly easier platforms to learn and grow, which we'll talk about at the end on which platforms are actually easiest to grow and pick up and learn and get your first one, ten thousand followers on. But let's move on
[5:09 | t=309] to making your first ten thousand dollars with social media. This is the point where it actually starts to become a feasible like income for you, whether it's on the side. I would say around your first ten thousand dollars is when you can start considering it to be like, holy [ __ ] this is this is like can be a real full-time income for me one day, right? So, I actually made my first ten thousand dollars with TikTok. So, I have a little bit of a bias towards TikTok because I made my first ten thousand dollars doing their creativity program and I'll leave a screenshot up here. I think I made around nine thousand dollars getting like a hundred million
[5:39 | t=339] views on their platform. This is back in like 2021. Yeah, I had to get a crap ton of views to make even a sizeable amount of money. Like, you know, like this is like rent payment, you know, for a year. But I had to get literally an absurd amount of views. For that reason, you know, it's an eight. It's definitely possible to make your first ten thousand dollars. And I'll also talk about other methods like TikTok Shop. Now, TikTok Shop is one of these opportunities where people are making their first ten bands very very quickly. Instagram I would put at a
[6:09 | t=369] seven and then YouTube I would still put at a five for the same reasons that I spoke of before because brand deals and AdSense realistically won't pick up unless you are a big big channel who's pumping out volume pretty much every single week doing like over a million views a month. And at least frankly for my own channel, we have a decent CPM. We're still not doing nearly as much volume. 45K views in a month is nowhere near enough to like make that even a sizeable income. But let's talk about Instagram making your first ten thousand
[6:39 | t=399] dollars. Now, once again, I would recommend UGC is probably the easiest way to make your first ten thousand dollars with Instagram. But the way that I've seen most people actually monetize on Instagram and make their first 10K without becoming famous influencers is through starting their own business. Now, Instagram I would say is the easiest platform to actually start your own business on. The reason why I put that as a seven is because it requires you to actually have a business and having a business is kind of hard. You have to learn sales, marketing, product. And these are skills that are quite
[7:09 | t=429] difficult to do. It's not impossible and with Instagram, you can just be posting a video every single day or every other day. And just with a ton of volume, I usually see around day 60 to 90 of consistent posting is when people hit their first five to 10K followers on Instagram. And at that point, you can just post a couple Instagram stories and start selling whatever you have to sell. reason why Instagram gets a seven is because you can monetize through an online business. And the way you can very easily monetize your Instagram with
[7:39 | t=459] an online business is once you have even a small Instagram following, I'm talking even just a thousand people, there are so many touch points at which you can just start selling to this audience and start making money, right? So, the different touch points that I would include are these three. First one is stories. Now, for Instagram, I literally have a KPI right now that's just one CTA in my story every single week. That basically means that every single week, once a week, I'm posting one call to action that directs people from my
[8:10 | t=490] Instagram following to one of my products to actually take a look at them. The second one is through Instagram posts {slash} carousels. Now, Instagram posts and carousels are actually one of the most underrated ways to CTA and sell to your audience. I've seen a ton of creators, like I'll bring up an example here, who've been able to pretty much launch a massive business. I'm talking like for example, this guy Scott. He's doing like multi six figures a month, multi hundred K months selling. And most of his selling actually comes through these Instagram carousel style
[8:42 | t=522] of style of picture posts. And if I actually pull up his initial launch carousel for his business, The Bling Empire, you can see this one pretty much converted like a hundred K month or two hundred K month right off the bat. It was this one, right? Bling Empire Mastermind. And And here's another carousel example. But that being said, it's it's There's no other platform where you can just instantly reach your audience once you've built it just with the tap of a button. Whereas TikTok and YouTube, you still somewhat have to post organically viable videos for your post
[9:13 | t=553] to reach your audience. But in Instagram, it's the closest thing to actually owning your audience. And the last one is still your Reels. Now, Reels operate similarly to TikToks and YouTube Shorts where, you know, most of your views are inevitably going to come from non-followers. But that being said, on Instagram, you can still have a decent like base of minimum viewership. And that's because no matter what, Instagram will still push your videos towards your existing audience even if the video itself has no organic pull. So, you can
[9:45 | t=585] see here there's not as much variation. Like the lowest views that a video will get is around like 35 to 40K views. You might think, "Damn, but he has 500,000 followers. Like how is it not reaching more people? Well, if you look at TikTok, for example, just because you have any followers on TikTok does not mean TikTok will push out your videos to your audience, right? All of these videos are heavily optimized for the algorithm, but even then, the slower videos will still hit only like 2,000 views. Now, if I were to literally post any promotional thing, like, "Oh, check
[10:15 | t=615] out these client results so you can check out my business." That video on TikTok would probably get less than 1,000 views. I'm not even kidding. Because TikTok only cares about whether video actually gets watch time and engagement from a completely cold audience of people who've never seen your face before, right? And Instagram Reels' algorithm still operates a similar way, but at the very least, because Instagram literally has this home feed, you're still going to be shown the post from the people who follow you. That's why all to say, I think Instagram's probably the easiest
[10:46 | t=646] to make your first 10K because once you have any semblance of an audience, you can sell to them the easiest way. Now, TikTok, however, right? The reason why I put it as an eight is because there is a little bit of an anomaly with TikTok Shop. Now, TikTok Shop, if you don't know, it's basically a way for creators to link some product in a video in the bottom left corner of the screen. And then if a viewer finds that product interesting from the video, they can just tap that button and then purchase it from that video. Now, even though I
[11:16 | t=676] believe you need at least 5,000 followers to unlock TikTok Shop in TikTok, I do think it is easier because you don't have to learn how to sell or build your own product. With TikTok Shop, you're just affiliating other existing products. Like if I like this hoodie and it it was somehow being sold on TikTok Shop, I wouldn't have to learn how to make hoodies or build hoodie websites. I could just link this hoodie's page, and then if people want to buy that hoodie, I can instantly start making money. So, it's a lot easier to get started if you have no
[11:46 | t=706] skills in business. Meanwhile, for YouTube, I would say it just becomes slightly easier because once you have a business, right? I'm not talking about brand deals or AdSense. I'm talking about with a business, with some sort of product, some coaching, agency service, digital product that you're selling through your YouTube videos. Because YouTube videos are so much longer, people are actually going to develop a trust and relationship with you as the creator. So, they're going to be a lot more receptive to buying or purchasing whatever you have to sell. Whereas on Instagram or TikTok, if you're just shilling brain rot or like 10 to
[12:17 | t=737] 15-second videos, how is somebody going to watch a 10-15 second video and be like, "Yeah, I'mma pay this guy 100 bucks with their whatever thing that they have?" It's highly unlikely. So, a lot of times what people do with Instagram, too, and this is something that I've done in the past as well, is from Instagram, they'll then post a story promoting their YouTube videos. Or if you go to their actual Instagram, like this guy, he's his business recently hit 400K in a month, but I believe when you actually go to his link in bio, he [clears throat] doesn't sell anything directly. He actually gives a
[12:47 | t=767] free lead magnet, of which that will probably nurture you way heavier. And then at the bottom of this lead magnet, which is I'm guessing some Notion template, he has a link to like book a call. All to say, you need further nurture in between somebody seeing your Instagram page and then actually converting to being a paying customer in your business. And that's why YouTube is a great medium. And I'll actually prove it to you. This video alone, how I grew 200K followers in a year, it got 124K views. Even still to this day, it's generating money. Like the attribution
[13:18 | t=798] link in the video is called YTVCL24. It's generated $3,000 in revenue to my business in the past 90 days. Not just that, when I first posted it and it got a majority of these views, I think it literally generated like 70K in revenue for subscriptions of Content Academy. No single video on Instagram has done that for me. And it literally just had a link to purchase the Content Academy in that description. And that video alone, because it was 30 minutes, I was able to explain why I'm trustable, why the mechanism of Content Academy and the
[13:49 | t=829] product itself actually works. And then I was able to explain what the product is and how they can actually go forward with purchasing that. But on Instagram or TikTok, you're not going to be given that level of time and leniency with whoever your audience is. Now, let's talk about getting your first 100K and your first mill. Now, starting off with generating your first 100K, I would say Instagram, once again, is at an eight. And obviously, I'm [ __ ] biased towards Instagram because I mean, just look at these revenue charts. The 50% by the way is just like untracked revenue. It's revenue that wasn't able to be
[14:19 | t=859] tracked for some reason by Hyros, but if you actually go just based on the tracked revenue itself, around 69% of the tracked revenue came from Instagram. Instagram is still, by far, the best platform to actually monetize your following. So, I gave it an eight out of 10 because it is the first platform that I was able to make my first 100K. And once you're able to actually start building momentum on Instagram, the nicest thing is that once again, you own your audience. And you might not think that that's so powerful,
[14:49 | t=889] but think about what you are always trying to do as a content creator when you post videos. You're not just trying to post into the void and then feel like you have to wake up the next week starting from absolute ground zero with no existing audience anymore, right? You want to feel like over time, you're accumulating this asset that compounds over time, where you're building a little bit more of a moat and stability for yourself as a creator. That's exactly what Instagram can provide you once you build this audience. Now, of course, people can fall off on Instagram, too, right? Accounts can go through these highs and lows. But that
[15:20 | t=920] being said, even when accounts are going through lows, is going through a little bit of a low right now, a valley, right? Where the videos themselves are not going crazy viral. But that being said, they're still hitting a minimum of like 30, 40K at the very least and still hitting like medians of like 100K. This allows you to stably run a business through your Instagram. Or if you're doing brand deals as well, it somewhat allows you to run a stable funnel for brands as well to continuously work with your page. Meanwhile, TikTok I would actually put
[15:50 | t=950] at a four. Now, once again, I said personally that I have made my first $10,000 from TikTok, but then past that, my brand deals would only be able to make around two, 3,000 dollars. And the problem with TikTok is that because you don't own your audience here, if you literally take a break from TikTok or for some reason your videos just stop hitting with the algorithm, then your ability to monetize is going to be absolutely shot in the gutter because your follower count does not mean anything on TikTok. So, even though you might be consistently hitting like a million views for a month on TikTok, two
[16:20 | t=980] months later, you your views literally might be down to like 10K. Even if you've built up an audience of like 100,000, 200,000 followers. And I'll show you on my TikTok account. This is my TikTok account, which I'd grown to over 900,000 followers back in 2021 and 2022. And you can see here, if a video just doesn't hit with the algorithm, it'll still manage to only get 4,000 views, which is the same number of views that I get on a lot of these videos on this page, actually less views. And this account is literally like a seventh of
[16:50 | t=1010] the followers, a sixth of the followers. All to say, I think TikTok's really hard to build a consistent income. And you're not going to just hit like skyrocket 100K a month on TikTok. Most likely, if you want to make your first 100K, you have to be consistently sustaining like 10K a month. And what platform allows you to do that best? Well, probably not TikTok. I gave it a four. Now, YouTube, I'm climbing this up to a six because once you can actually sustainably build a system for YouTube, it can generate sales without you needing to go get nearly as many views at all. So, I'll
[17:21 | t=1041] show you here. My videos here, if I sort by the most recent date, they're not getting crazy views, right? Like they're averaging around maybe 5,000 views. Yet even still, it's able to generate, you know, somewhat consistent revenue. If I go to the past 30 days of this business, YouTube is already about a fourth of Instagram's revenue despite only doing like 36,000 views. So, all to say, I would say I'm more so a beginner at YouTube, yet it's still already paying off a decent income and decent revenue
[17:52 | t=1072] for our business. So, as a business owner, I would say it's a six out of 10. However, once again, if you are just focused on brand deals and AdSense, it's still going to be significantly harder to make like your first 100K with YouTube. The only exception that I would say in terms of AdSense or brand deals is if you're consistently able to hit like 100K plus views on YouTube. That's when I would say, I've heard from friends that they're able to land like five-figure brand deals, like $10,000 brand deals, or they're able to make like five to 10,000 dollars on AdSense
[18:22 | t=1102] from a video if it gets millions of views. And they're in a decent niche, too, like finance. But if you're in the entertainment niche, for example, it's significantly harder to even make your first 100K with AdSense or brand deals unless you're going stupidly viral. Now, and let's finish off here with making your first million. Now, this is going to I'm putting a heavy caveat here. All three of these combined, my business has generated just over, I think, 1.2 million dollars in the past two years. However, once again, a majority of that
[18:52 | t=1132] income and revenue came from Instagram. Like I would estimate based on the revenue charts that we're seeing here, about like 80% of that revenue [clears throat] came from Instagram. So, I I'm going to have to put that as a seven out of 10. Now, I put TikTok as a three out of 10. Honestly, I would have put it as a one out of 10 if it was just for my own anecdotal experience, but I've met people who've done TikTok Shop who've literally made over 100K a month in pure profit, right? They don't have to pay any team or expenses for making
[19:22 | t=1162] this affiliate revenue with TikTok Shop. Once again, those are outliers. Those are like the top 1% of TikTok Shop creators. It's possible, and I don't want to completely discount that. And I know that my experience is also biased based on being a business owner, but if you're running a business, right? That's why I put the [ __ ] and Stripe logo. Like I personally use [ __ ] as our payment processor, it's a seven out of 10. YouTube, the reason why I also put it as a seven out of 10 is because just based on the limited experience, I do know for a fact that going all in on YouTube over the next year will probably flip these
[19:53 | t=1193] scales and make YouTube at least equivalent to Instagram in the long term of revenue, especially when the views are able to somewhat catch up or creep up on the Instagram views. Because if you actually weight these based on views, right? You essentially have to like 20x the amount of revenue that YouTube generates. Because if I were to somehow match the amount of Reels views that I was doing on YouTube, then YouTube would make significantly more than Instagram does in revenue for our business. So while I will say I'm still in the process of building up this
[20:24 | t=1224] YouTube channel and building up an audience, building up authority on this platform, I do think based on the data that I've seen, I'm significantly more bullish on YouTube in the long run as a creator. Now does that mean I'm going to somehow take my ball off take my eyes off the ball on Instagram? [ __ ] no. Because Instagram is still so valuable and consistent as a business owner because of the stories, posts, and Reels. However, the problem with Instagram is just that for the amount of time that you have to put into these videos to make them actually pretty good. Like I calculated the amount of
[20:55 | t=1255] time that I spend on Instagram Reels per week, and it's probably around like 20 hours every single week. That's like a part-time job just to keep this marketing machine going. However, with YouTube, because you can just sit down and film an entire video, right? You're pretty much spending probably a similar amount of time making these YouTube videos as you are with the Reels because Reels you have to hyper edit. You have to make sure every single sentence is literally scripted so it keeps your attention all the time all the time all the time. YouTube, I feel like it can be a little bit looser and I feel like I
[21:25 | t=1285] don't have to script as much. Like I'm literally just yabbering over these uh these images and pictures that I've drawn on this mural board. So that's why I think I would weight them similarly in terms of making your first mill. And if I invested nearly the same amount of time that I had into this Instagram page as I did into YouTube, it probably would have generated a similar if not significantly larger amount of income from YouTube. That being said, however, let's talk about how difficult or easy it is to grow on these platforms and actually get started so I can give you
[21:55 | t=1315] my final verdict ranking these three on what you should be going all in on in 2026 as a creator. Okay, starting off with Instagram, I'll give it an eight out of 10 score in terms of growth. Now, in terms of growth very specifically, I'll I'll very specifically break it down. In the first 30 days on Instagram, what I've noticed from a lot of accounts is that you're going to have to go through this warm-up phase where Instagram won't be as quick to pick up viral videos or pick up your account and start pushing out the videos. I noticed this on my own main account. So I've actually sorted this Instagram account
[22:26 | t=1346] back from oldest to newest. I've sorted all of the 200 or 600 Reels. And at the time when I first posted these videos, a lot of these were actually getting over 100,000, some even over a million views on TikTok. But for some reason, all of them were stuck under around like 10K views on Instagram. Now they've been updated a little bit because I've grown a larger audience. A lot of people have just gone back to the beginning and seen a lot of these videos like by noon scrolling down. But when I first started this account, essentially what I'm trying to say is I was stuck at around 2,000 followers for around like 3
[22:57 | t=1377] months straight. Zero growth, okay? And only about like 3 months in when I actually posted this video about No Nut November, it got 1.7 million views. And then the other videos started to actually take off like 70K, 100K, right? 600K. And then I would repost this old video, right? Pay attention to this one, Stop using your phone. It's at 500K views. But if I scroll up this same video that I posted about Stop using your phone, only got 13K views. So a lot of times, what Instagram will do is they
[23:28 | t=1408] just like won't push out your videos as much when you're a newer account. So that's why I wouldn't put it at like a 10 out of 10. But once you hit that like 2-month mark of consistently posting, Instagram will suddenly give your account a little bit more authority. And if the videos themselves actually do deserve to be pushed out, right? Like they're actually hitting decent view and watch duration metrics on the platforms, they're getting decent engagement like comments and likes, then your videos will start to grow. And Instagram growth I've always noticed is a lot easier to be linear, right? You don't need to be
[23:58 | t=1438] hunting down these spurts of virality all the time. You can be chilling in like the 10 to 100K view range and still getting a decent follower base from that. TikTok, however, I would put at a seven to grow. Because TikTok, you can literally have your first video on an account blow up. And for this account right here, I actually grew this from zero to 100K followers in the first month of starting this account. If I go to the oldest, you can see pretty much all of these videos from the jump just [ __ ] popped. 200K, 200K, 800K, 100K.
[24:31 | t=1471] And suddenly these videos are hitting up to the mill view range. 1, 4 mill, right? 1.5 mill, 400K, right? 1.1 mill. So this video literally skyrocket or this account literally skyrocket from zero to 100K followers in a single month. However, it requires you to still go viral. And I've rarely seen accounts grow when they're hitting like the 10K to 100K view range. It's usually like this kind of all or nothing game with TikTok. You're either going super duper viral or you're pretty much getting no reach. And you can see it on this account as well where most of the videos
[25:02 | t=1502] are they feel very polarizing. It's either like gets a ton of views but then the next day literally gets only like 5K views. So that's I would I would say it's a little bit more confusing of a game than Instagram. But and I would say in the long run, Instagram feels a lot easier to build a consistent audience over time just because of that factor of you're not going to suddenly feel this massive weight of everything falling apart overnight like it can happen on TikTok, right? Let me pull up this my my largest account once again. 200K to 4K
[25:33 | t=1533] views. Now obviously I haven't really posted on this account. Literally like the last time I actually posted like a decent video was back in 2023. So obviously like you know, yeah that's I I probably could be doing better on that account. I probably could have gotten to a million followers. But what I'm trying to say is also that like you don't really own your audience on TikTok anyway. So it feels like you're just building like a nothing burger asset on TikTok. Like you're just building something that's always depreciating over time because people are always so quick to forget on TikTok. Trends move so quickly, right? So it's so hard to monetize as well because in order to monetize long-term, in order
[26:05 | t=1565] for you to like disperse your attention to start running this business thing on the side or maybe even start focusing on building your other platforms, right? You have to start taking a little bit of your focus away from creating content on the platforms, which means you might not be putting out S-tier banger viral content always on top of the trends like a hawk. And then suddenly your views are just going to tank like 10x downwards overnight. And that feeling feels horrible. And on Instagram at the very least, if you're posting, you know, semi-decent effort content, it'll still get decent reach. But on TikTok, if
[26:35 | t=1595] you're not putting out viral bangers, you're you should probably be expecting between like the 1,000 to like at most 2,000 view range. YouTube, I would say to grow at to start off, once again, I'm like very bearish on YouTube at least as a beginning platform. I would give it a four. And the reason why I give it a four and not even like a five or a six is because the feedback loops are just so slow on YouTube. So if you're literally getting like 200, 300 views, but each video takes a week to make, the cycles of improvement take weeks at a time. So let's say it takes 60 videos
[27:07 | t=1627] for you to hit your first 10,000 followers on any platform. I think that's like a generally consistent metric if you're putting in 100% effort into those 60 videos. If you're doing one post a week on YouTube, which is a very realistic cadence, right? It's still going to take you over a year to reach your first 10,000 followers or 10,000 subscribers to the point where you can actually like start monetizing. So I can see I hit 10K followers on YouTube or 10K subscribers around February of 2025. So if I should go
[27:38 | t=1658] back, February of 2025. Mind you, this is also after having built like I I guess a lot of experience media, too. So right around this video, the NYC Content Academy meetup vlog, did I hit 10K followers. So let's see how many videos it actually took. 43 videos. So like my estimate's like pretty decent, you know? 60 videos, let's say like 40 to 60 videos on YouTube to hit your first 10K followers. And I would say that's generally consistent across these platforms, too. From what I've seen
[28:09 | t=1689] after coaching hundreds of students, you can see this is just like a list of all our students ranked based on their follower count. So these are all the people that I've personally helped in my community. And generally the trend that I've seen is around 40 to 60 videos in, that's when you hit your first 10K followers on these platforms. Now the reason why I bring this up is because you can take 40 to 60 weeks in order to hit that amount of subscribers on YouTube or you can take around 40 to 60
[28:39 | t=1719] days on Instagram or TikTok in order to not just get that follower count, but also build up your skill set. And that's why I would at least put TikTok higher than YouTube because you're building a skill set as a creator. You're learning how to capture attention with hooks and packaging. You're learning how to speak on camera. You're learning how to script things. You're learning how to edit. You're learning how to clip things together. And you're learning how to put like good lighting, for example. All of these things stack up as a creator. But these are all skill sets that you need
[29:09 | t=1749] to build up over time. And that takes just raw numbers of repetition. So if it takes around 40 to 60 videos on a platform, I'd rather that you do it on a platform that you can actually grow the fastest on. So that being said, which platform gets the crown for the number one platform that you should be starting to make your first 1K, 10K, 100K, and a mill and start growing on? You guessed it. I'm going to give it to Instagram. And I would actually give uh I would actually give TikTok number two just because as a beginning channel,
[29:42 | t=1782] bro, YouTube is freaking brutal. And you I like I genuinely think if you want to make it work long-term, you either need to no life this [ __ ] and put in so much time or you need to have the capital to hire an editor. Of which, you know, no starting channel or creator is going to have like, you know, a couple hundred bucks every single video to pay somebody out if they're not making any money as a creator. So, I would put Tik Tok as the mini crown number two and then YouTube as the number three cuz it takes so much longer to build up a YouTube audience.
[30:13 | t=1813] And that being said, too, it's really hard to grow on YouTube if you don't have like some special it factor to make you stand out from the crowd. With Instagram and Tik Tok, you can do things like just edit frauding. You can do things like cinematic content where you don't need some crazy lifestyle to make yourself stand out. But on YouTube, you know, most people are looking for people to watch and binge and, you know, like spend their entire Thursday afternoon with watching their 30-minute video. So, it's like how do you make somebody
[30:43 | t=1843] compelled enough to watch you for 30 minutes? It takes a little bit more for somebody to be that invested in you. And that's why it's harder. So, like also as a younger person, right? Cuz I started content at 16 years old. I started it with Tik Tok cuz I was literally making brain rot videos. Let me pull this [ __ ] up, bro. Your boy started with videos that looked like this. You know? Some like edgy Tik Tok memes, weird ass duets, you know, that like unfunny odd duets, bro. I would make like trend videos.
[31:15 | t=1875] Like anime trend You know, like you're probably watching these being like, "What the hell is bro doing?" And yeah, it's like low-key how the content strategy works on Tik Tok. You just can make random stuff based on the trends and it helps you learn and get a pulse on what people actually care to watch versus don't care to watch. And your feedback loops are literally every day. Like the instant you post a video, within the first hour you're actually probably going to know whether it's going to go viral or not. Or at least within the first 24 to 48 hours. On YouTube, the half-life of a video, I believe, is around 7 days, which is cool because then you at least your video has
[31:45 | t=1905] bit more length to grow on the platform. But as a side effect, it's going to take you a week to get proper data on every single video. So, what does that mean? Your 40 to 60 video timeline to actually iterate and improve as a creator is going to take you like a year. And I showed you, hopefully with the data I've been on my own channels, that this has been true across my channels, across my different pages on Tik Tok, and on my Instagram. Because my Instagram in the past 2 years has probably generated me like 750 to like close to a mill in
[32:16 | t=1936] revenue for our business. It is literally insane how much impact Instagram has had on our business. Single stories have generated like 10 to 20,000 dollars in revenue just from posting a single Instagram story. So, it's freaking broken. So, I would highly recommend Instagram. And if you want an easy way to get started, I would recommend starting by doing something called UGC where you're just getting paid to post on these platforms of Tik Tok and Instagram for brands. You don't have to build your own product or anything. You don't even need an
[32:46 | t=1966] existing audience. It helps you get paid to just learn the skill set. And that's how most of the creators that I've coached and worked with have made their first 1,000 to 10,000 dollars online. So, hopefully this video was helpful. I tried to give as much brain dumped information on how this money in the creator economy works in 2026 as somebody who not only runs my entire business and lifestyle and now pays like a team of like seven people through this business, but I also run a creator community that coaches over 900 people in short form on how to grow and how to
[33:17 | t=1997] monetize. So, hopefully this was helpful. If you found this helpful, uh please just leave a like and a subscribe. And let me know if there's anything else you want me to cover in these videos. Literally anything. I can break down, for example, this like uh this dashboard that I built. This is Claude Code, by the way. So, I I was working on this and I basically was able to conglomerate all of our WOK Discord, uh social media data, and our High Roas data all into one place. I thought that was pretty sick. It's not as related to social media, but, you know, anything that you guys want me to cover. I genuinely want this channel to just be
[33:47 | t=2027] as open book as possible for all of you guys to [ __ ] ascend as creators and make this [ __ ] a full-time income and have the impact and influence that you want to have in this lifetime. I know I sound hella sick cuz cuz I am, actually. I have the flu right now. Uh so, I appreciate you guys for listening to me with my nasally rice gum voice. All right. Peace.
