# s062  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IHpOlWhdS0)

[0:00 | t=0] If there's one thing that helped me grow 500,000 followers on Instagram in just the past 2 years on my personal brand, it's understanding [music] exactly who my viewer is and scripting, ideating my content precisely on how to speak to this [music] one person. So, in this video I want to help you guys understand exactly how to find your own ideal viewer, the one person who's going to fall in love with your content. So, your content cuts through the noise and actually speaks to your viewer's soul. Because this strategy is not just going to help you go more viral, it's going to help you build a brand that genuinely feels one of one in a market of content
[0:31 | t=31] creators that frankly feels incredibly saturated, so you can blow up your personal brand in the next 90 days as well. So, in today's lesson I want to basically help make your videos hit your audience harder. And I'll explain from the very start why the ideal viewer persona is a framework that's helped me make my videos significantly more retentive with the algorithm, aka get more views. So, let's start off from the very basic principle. Why does the algorithm push out one
[1:01 | t=61] video from higher view counts from like 10 to 100,000 plus views, while some of our other videos get stuck literally in like a thousand view jail, 500 view jail? Right, why does that happen? And it's not luck, it's not like some random reasons. Very basic principle is average watch time for your first thousand viewers. So, at the very beginning, right, retention, perfect. At the very beginning when you first make a video, every single time, every single time you make a video this literally applies. TikTok, Instagram, YouTube, they're going to test your video amongst the
[1:32 | t=92] first 300, 500, 1,000 viewers, however many, and they're going to see how well people actually stay and watch till the end of the video. And if let's say only on average they watch like 8 seconds, 5 seconds, then that's like a generally pretty low average watch time, then the algorithm's going to say, "Okay, I don't want to push this out to more viewers because I don't want viewers to go on to Instagram or go on to TikTok, see boring content, and then close the app or feel like our app is boring." They only want to push obviously high watch time
[2:02 | t=122] content, right? So, the algorithm's going to test your video on about a thousand people or about 500 people. And if you're in this like 500 or 300 view jail, that means it's not making it past this first benchmark of its first initial test viewers, and that's perfectly fine. We're going to talk about how we can actually build a system where just your words and your script alone can actually make your video interesting enough to get higher watch time throughout all the videos that you make. So, people pay with their time and attention. So, think about your page kind of like a business where it's not
[2:32 | t=152] just obviously getting views for free, but at the very core, everybody's attention and time is very precious to them. So, they're not just going to like sit and give you 30 seconds, 60 seconds of their time when they literally have a dopamine slot machine button just to swipe and see their next hyper interesting brain rot super optimized video. But watch time always comes first. And specifically, how do you create higher watch time? Because viewers will probably give you about 5 seconds to make them care. And if you can't make them care within the first 5
[3:02 | t=182] seconds, then they're going to scroll off. So, it comes from this concept of perceived value. And perceived value comes from getting clarity and a clear reason in the first 10 seconds for a viewer to care. The reason why algorithms will push a certain video to higher view counts, while maybe yours will be stuck under a thousand views, under 500 views, it's not because of luck, it's because of the math of watch times, how long people are watching your videos for on the platform. So, the whole game and the whole like science that we're trying to learn here in Content Academy with
[3:32 | t=212] hooks, with with editing, with scripting, with storytelling is to get your watch time up, so your videos get pushed out more to the algorithms, so the valuable message that you have with your personal brand or the valuable product that you want to show if you're a business owner, right, gets shown to more eyeballs on the platforms. Because often times platforms are exponential where it's not going to be like your video's twice as good, it's going to get 2,000 views instead of 1,000 views. If your video's twice as good, it might get 10 times the views or 100 times the views. The algorithms are very exponential that way, right? So, so, so,
[4:02 | t=242] average watch time is the key. And this is a framework that I've used to improve my watch time with my videos to help people have a reason to pay attention in the first 10 seconds, in the first couple seconds even of my videos. It's a framework that informs my entire scripting, it informs the way I write my hooks. The reason why this helps is because it helps me understand the value proposition of my videos. If you understand who your ideal viewer is, it's going to help make your value proposition so much stronger in the
[4:33 | t=273] first couple seconds. If you understand who is exactly watching, you can curtail your video script, your hook to hit exactly with the things that they're thinking of, the things that are top of mind for your ideal viewer, with the pain points and the desires that are top of mind for your ideal viewer. So, that's how you create hooks and scripts that are irresistible for your viewers, right? And it's this concept of creating perceived value, very clear perceived value, very clear reason in the first 10 seconds for a viewer to care. Now, here's the problem. A lot of you guys, right, just drop a W in the chat. If you
[5:03 | t=303] feel like you have something very interesting and important to share with your audience, but you feel like for some reason it's so incredibly and cool, and your story is so compelling in your mind, but when you put it out on video, it doesn't come across the way that you want to, and as a result, it feels like it flops so much harder than you want to. Like this happens to me so many times where I'm like, "Holy banger idea." Like I have this crazy story that happened in my life that like, you know, I went through some like emotional journey in my life, and I have this crazy story, I have it mapped out in my head, and then when I actually put it
[5:33 | t=333] out on video, it hits like only half as many views as like my average, and I'm like, "Holy flop, I did not cook here." And I used all the storytelling frameworks, I used all like the editing tricks and stuff. Yet for some reason, it still didn't hit. And the reason why, I think for a reason why for a lot of you guys, right, including me as well, is because you are so knowledgeable in your thing. You are too knowledgeable in your niche to the point where it actually makes you forget what a stranger thinks about it. So, for
[6:04 | t=364] example, me in the content creation space, I'm so obsessed with these things like ideal viewer persona, you know, the storytelling frameworks, three-act story structure, hooks. But then to an average viewer, if I say those words, it's really confusing, right? Like I had to explain to you guys obviously what an ideal viewer persona is for you guys to care. But a stranger is not going to give me that level of time. So, the same goes with your hooks, with your storytelling, right? At the end of the day, if you're super knowledgeable in your niche of like fitness or maybe it's technology, you have to convey why you
[6:34 | t=394] care to the viewer because you have all this context on why AI is so cool or why, you know, hypertrophy is so important into the in the gym or why the ideal viewer persona framework matters. But you have to sell and persuade your viewer on why that's important at the very beginning of your video, and that's the whole goal of your hook. So, it requires you to understand what exactly your ideal viewer cares about or it it requires you to understand what people in general care about on the internet. But obviously there's a billion users on
[7:04 | t=424] Instagram and TikTok, and that's why this framework of the ideal viewer persona was born because you're not supposed to make videos for every single 1 billion people who are watching these platforms because there's simultaneously 55-year-old, you know, moms and dads, and there's also 15-year-old kids who watch YouTube shorts Riz party content, you know, there there's too large of a spectrum. You have to understand who your viewer is. And the more specific you can get on that, the more deeply resonant your content can be rather than feeling like
[7:34 | t=454] it's in the middle being like AI video made for technical experts while also being an AI video for beginners. It's all about missing context, basically what I'm trying to say. And you're trying to bridge the gap between what you know and what you care about and why these concepts in your stories in your videos are so interesting and then where your viewers are. Now, here's an example. I actually have this right next to me, thank goodness. Imagine if I led with a hook being like this. 120 mg of caffeine, here's how you match the L-theanine to caffeine ratio from 120 to 240. And when we increase the L-theanine
[8:05 | t=485] to caffeine ratio from 120 to 240, bro, you're scrolling by the time I'm saying these [ __ ] words. Because even though you might somewhat know what the words caffeine mean, and you might somewhat know what the words L-theanine mean or yerba mate mean, this this has no context to your real world value. Now, imagine instead if I just led with a much simpler dumbed-down hook. Yo, this is the magic potion I drink every morning to run my business, post a video every single day. And you want to know the secret? It's [ __ ] L-theanine, right? Okay, maybe that's not the most
[8:35 | t=515] compelling hook, but that's significantly more compelling than me just jumping straight into the story and the value of why 120 caffeine and 240 L-theanine and all of that mumbo jumbo. It's so much more compelling when I actually explain why the L-theanine is actually important before I actually explain the science behind it. So, lead obviously with the hook and lead obviously with the value that you're going to provide from the information before you actually lead with the information. Very specifically here. And
[9:07 | t=547] and the reason why I bring up this example cuz this is like a very obvious example. I honestly I I would love for you guys to for you guys to guess here. What is the core drive and pain point that my video is trying to solve for my viewers with this the bridged version of the hook? This is the magic potion I drink every morning to run my business. Well, what is the outcome that my video is subtly implying it's going to help people get by learning about yerba mate? And just leave like any answers, there's no wrong answers, just leave them in the chat. Um I'll just read out the answers right here. How to have energy, money,
[9:38 | t=578] success, procrastination, laziness, productive productivity. Exactly, exactly, that's the point. Because none of you guys care enough deeply about yerba mate on a random Tuesday afternoon to sit 60 seconds watching some science nerd break down yerba mate, right? So, that video is probably going to get maybe, you know, 2,000 views, 1,000 views of this niche audience of your mate, like literal [ __ ] your mate scientist who work in your mate industry. Everyone else is like, that's
[10:08 | t=608] cool, I guess, scroll. But because I connected it back to a broader desirable human core drive of success, business, money, productivity, these things that are super top of mind for who I would guess is my ideal viewer persona, this can get a larger broader reach. That's the whole goal and the whole thesis behind trying to make these hooks hit with my ideal viewer persona. So, the key is to then try to understand what are the core drives. Because am I leading more into health here with the your mate, or am I leading more into
[10:40 | t=640] business and money and success with your mate? And to understand which core drive that I want to lean into for my viewers requires me to have at least a decent understanding where I've somewhat broken down the psychology behind my ideal viewer persona. So, I created this little document tool and it's not complex whatsoever. I know drop the link to this in the chat just so you guys can follow along with your own personal brands. These were great answers by the way, like stop being tired, be productive, etc. All you have to do is just like make a copy, file make a copy
[11:11 | t=671] and then you guys can do this exercise on your own. Look, before we go into the next part about the ideal viewer and how to actually apply it into your content, if you feel like you're posting content into the void every single day, one of the biggest unlocks that I highly highly recommend is having a content mentor actually there to look into your content and give you a content audit. So, I literally created a completely personalized road map that just takes 30 seconds to complete. I'm going to leave it in the first link in the description below, but you can just input your page, answer a couple questions, it takes 30 seconds and it's going to help identify exactly what the bottlenecks are in your
[11:42 | t=702] page based on your actual videos. It's going to scrape your profile and suggest resources that I've custom made for you to help you actually break through those plateaus in your content and actually continue to grow. And I made it completely free. It's in the first link in the description, so I highly recommend you check it out. Just get your free content audit. All right, on to the rest of the video. But it starts realistically just with the most basic [ __ ] Like how old are they? Because the type of videos and the way that you talk to even an 18 to 24 year old is vastly different from the way you talk to a 24 to 30 30 year old. This
[12:13 | t=733] person's in a life stage of like, you know, building their early career, um like probably investing, starting to think about like having a family. This person's still probably thinking about going to frat parties. Like they're literally living in completely different worlds. So, when people are like 18 to 30 is my ICP, no [ __ ] it's not. You're making a video that's pandering to everybody and you're not going to hit anybody in a very relatable manner. So, how are your stories that you're telling going to actually hit on a deeply emotional level if you're trying to appeal to both simultaneously a 30 year old and an 18 year old. So, that's the whole thinking behind ideal viewer
[12:43 | t=763] persona and I like to think of ideal viewer persona even in like if you can narrow it down to like one singular age, that's even better. Like if your video is specifically for a college freshman. I see a lot of YouTube and TikTok titles in self-development being like if you're 18 to 21 watch this video. And I think that's so smart because it literally calls out the I ideal viewer directly in the first sentence. And the whole goal is to make it easy to understand. And specifically give strangers a reason to care as quickly as possible about your
[13:13 | t=793] concept. So, you have your concept, you have your primary idea in which case I'm like, yo, I want to make a video about your mate, but you have to give them the reason now. Let's connect it back to the reason, right? So, tie whatever you're explaining, the tool, the tip, the news, right? This is what's in your head right now, right? You probably have a list of things that you want to talk about. For myself improvement creators who are watching, or my gym creators who are watching, you know, you have all these tips and workout advice and advice that you know the people need to hear. But you have to think about now, how do you make them actually care about the advice? Because you might know what's
[13:44 | t=824] useful to somebody, but often times what's useful to a viewer is very different from what they would actually want to hear. Like the person who needs the productivity advice is most likely very averse to watching productivity. The laziest person who needs productivity advice is probably the person who sleeps at 3:00 a.m., watches brain rot, watches like AI [ __ ] love fruit fruit Love Island. I don't know if you guys have seen that one. They They The last thing they want to see is like productivity advice. So, the The instant they see like some David Goggins out
[14:14 | t=854] [ __ ] on their For You page, they're scrolling instantly. So, understand that this is part of the psychology of your viewer. How do you play into that and make sure that your videos don't scare away those viewers. To go even deeper into this, like marketing 101. I I've heard this from like consumer app founders. I think a lot of core drives in life come down to like survival, money, reproduction, and another one can be like status or approval. So, we put a third a fourth one there, like status and approval. And I think a lot of core drives come down to this. So, when I think of like the biggest pain points that I try to target
[14:46 | t=886] in my videos, let's say I'm making content advice, right? Because that's my niche. I'm not thinking about necessarily just like, how do I make hook advice like hit really hard? I usually try to think one layer deeper. It's like, what's the point of even writing good hooks? It's probably so they can like make more money with their business or whatnot or like, you know, eventually create a career out of content. And that's what I've noticed with my own content advice videos. Content advice videos on like how to make good hooks don't really do well. But if I'm talking about like side hustles and how content creation has opened all these doors in my life for me
[15:16 | t=916] and like changed my life, that suddenly gets like 10 times the views. And it's because it hits the deeper pain point that's way closer to like these core human drives that we're thinking about pretty much like every day, which is like survival, money, reproduction, and like status as well. Okay, and this is like oversimplification and a lot of things and a lot of desires in life, like the gym. It's like you could argue that the gym like comes from this desire for status and reproduction. Or you could argue that like um productivity advice comes from just like wanting to make more money, which then you can kind of tie back to survival. So, it's not
[15:47 | t=947] like you're you're not overtly saying outright in the videos like, yo, here's how you can write better hooks so you can survive in today's day and age. But if you're you know, if you're writing a video about let's say like content advice, if it's just about content advice, then I don't know if it's really going to hit as hard. But that's why a lot of like, you know, people in the business space like flash cars and stuff. It's because it's a subconscious signal that they have status. That's essentially how you can create hooks and copywriting that hits with your ideal viewer when you're at least thinking
[16:17 | t=977] about what triggers will be top of mind and hit super top of mind with them. Another framework that I like to think about when writing hooks for my ideal viewer persona, when creating visual hooks that hit with my ideal viewer persona, is like, what is What is the 80 IQ version of my ideal viewer persona? Not necessarily like if I were to turn my ideal viewer into an idiot, but it's like we all have these like What What I mean by 80 IQ is like, let's say the most tired version of ourselves. When we're on the toilet, when we're, you know, at the end of a long day of work, that's when we're scrolling reels,
[16:48 | t=1008] right? Or when we just woke up. When we just woke up and the first thing we're doing is opening reels or TikTok and scrolling. So, there's not much complex thought behind the scroll, right? The reason why somebody will be hooked by your video is not because of some very complex wording. Often times it's actually the opposite. It's hyper simplicity and it's just like one or two keywords that hit them really hard. Or it's one or two really interesting visuals that hook them in. When we're explaining once again like a hook or a
[17:18 | t=1038] concept in our videos, when we try to explain the super in-depth, you know, technical PhD version, we're losing all of our viewers. So, I often try to refrain in my own videos from going super hard on these words like viewer retention and ideal viewer in the first couple sentences of my video because it's a little bit too much for my viewer to swallow at least at the very beginning. And this especially applies to like more technical niches. Like I think of like fitness, I think of technology as these things that can go super in-depth. And I'm sure like for a
[17:50 | t=1070] lot of you guys' niches cuz I you know, I've like reviewed a ton of you guys' content, too. Like, you know, even things like like culture as a niche or like lifestyle as a niche, too. Like philosophy. There's like these super in-depth like 200 IQ version where you try to go super in-depth. And honestly, like a lot of times the most viral content is super dumped out where it's super understandable from like an 80 IQ perspective. There's two things that can make a video then go viral, right? The first one is having compelling information. Now, I'm very confident
[18:20 | t=1100] that you guys have this. And this is like this is why you guys are here. You guys want to build like you guys have this reason for why to create content. You probably want to share your really compelling stories, insights, and you know, tips from life, lessons from life. You have the compelling information, basically what I'm trying to say. But if the reason why the If the videos are not hitting, but you feel like the topics that you're covering are so compelling, then it might just be missing this emotional component. Does the viewer feel viscerally the emotions behind the
[18:50 | t=1130] information? So, you might be talking about AI or you might be talking about AI in your video or day trading strategy in your video, but I don't feel that emotionally. I can see logically how, you know, [ __ ] Karpathy LLM memory systems are really helpful to AI, but like or like maybe you don't even know what the [ __ ] that means. Good. Like then you can see how that's like, wow, that's really interesting, I guess, at from like a logical perspective, but I feel nothing when I hear those words because it's way too high in the sky technical. Or if you're explaining something like really in-depth, like,
[19:21 | t=1161] you know, day trading chart in your day trading video. It's like, okay, that's like cool, but all it's like a helpful strategy, but like at the end of the day, the videos that go viral in the day trading niche are like, here's how to day trade profitably explained as a five year old can understand. Cuz you can feel that emotionally. You feel emotionally this feeling of hope. Holy [ __ ] maybe I can finally learn how to become profitable and make money that hits my core human drive doing it in a super super simple way. That's where I can start feeling emotion and emotion is
[19:51 | t=1191] when we actually buy into a video. because once again, going back to this ADIQ concept, people don't get hooked by videos when they see some really interesting logical correlation. Like nobody's thinking that hard when they watch reels, right? You guys probably know this too cuz we all watch reels and TikToks. The reason why people get hooked in is because they emotionally feel like this video is going to give them some like hit of dopamine, hit of hope, or maybe they get fear-mongered into watching the video. Like you ever see those videos about like, you know, the news, honestly, on TikTok and
[20:22 | t=1222] Instagram. The way they hit you is because they just create so much [ __ ] fear in the first 5 seconds like the end of the world's going to end. Yo, World War III starting? Oh my gosh. And then they tell you about some like peace treaty that was like signed or whatever, you know? Like eventually like the actual meat of the information is like some complex like global economical, whatever, like political [ __ ] But like they hook you in with World War III, bombs, death, destruction, you know, like things that trigger fear first. Emotion first and then information and the compelling logic and actual detail later, okay? At the end of the day, your
[20:52 | t=1252] goal is to uh provoke emotion with your hooks and with your storytelling and with your scripting. This is a framework. The ideal viewer persona, a real human being with a specific level of knowledge, specific core desires, and specific pain points. And I like to think of the ideal viewer even as one specific person. One person, either a younger version of myself, maybe it's a person in my life because it makes it so much easier to write, so much easier to speak when I know exactly who I'm talking to. Because we as human beings,
[21:22 | t=1282] I I think we're our brains are programmed to be able to communicate to a single person. So a lot of times when I was like like rambling about this presentation right now, I'm thinking of like, you know, individual people who are watching this presentation. It's like how do I make this applicable to you, for example, you know? That's why I bring up all these specific examples like AI, self-improvement creator, fitness creator, day trading creator cuz I know a lot of you guys in here are those specific niches, right? It makes it so much easier to communicate with specific examples, tangible, actionable advice when we're speaking to one person, not try to make
[21:53 | t=1313] the advice broadly applicable all at the same time, all to you know, all a thousand people are going to be watching your video, okay? And the clearer that you're able to identify exactly who this person is, you know, the more authentic your content's going to sound. And I think that's at the precipice of like a lot of authentic content. Honestly, it's just being able to speak very clearly to one person. And I think when content feels inauthentic, it's like what does that mean? I think a big source of inauthenticity in content is when the content feels like you're just pandering
[22:23 | t=1343] to multiple people all at the same time. Like you ever have that feeling where it's like, man, I don't even know who this content is for anymore, you know? I don't even know if this who this video is for right now. I'm like trying to speak to like this person, but I'm also like not really giving my heart and soul to really helping this one person, etc., right? I think it comes from trying to imagine two different ideal viewer personas. Age group, right? Who are you talking to? Is it under college, high school, or younger? Is it college age {slash} starting their working life,
[22:53 | t=1373] right? So i.e. their very early 20s. Is it just out of college and they're working for a few years? Is it 30 to 40 or is it 40 plus? And for this plate for this sake, I simplified 30 to 40 and 40 plus because I have zero context on those ideal viewers, but I'm sure there is way more context if you are in that age demo. So I'm not saying that has it's like crystallized set in stone, but generally speaking, I want you guys to drop in the chat what age like what general age range Try to be as specific
[23:23 | t=1403] as possible. If you even just give one specific age, that's even better, that your ideal viewer persona is. And if you're not sure, just like, you know, give a guess. College age, 19-20. After 30, it's more about kids versus no kids, to be honest. Yeah, that's a good point, actually. I I see that distinction a lot in content. Uh college age, right? 15 to 20, 23. I love that. 20 to 22, awesome. 25 to 40. Andy, if you could be a little bit more specific then on like what life situation they're in, perhaps, in the 25 to 40. Like for example, are they having kids? Are they not having kids? Try to
[23:53 | t=1433] be a little bit more specific there. 20 to 21. 22, graduating college. Moms, 30 to 45. That's awesome. I I like these identity labels or like these specific, I guess, groupings of like are they a parent or are they in college or are they just out of college? Because generally people of that demographic tend to like average towards very similar focuses in life. Like college kids are all looking for like jobs, internships. They're all like, you know, you you can summarize their problems very very similar to each other. 17
[24:23 | t=1463] years old, 24 to 30. Awesome. 27, awesome. 27 to 30, people who don't have a conventional life, not married, no kids. That's awesome, Aaron. That's awesome. That's so specific. That's awesome, right? One. Okay, one is great. One. Any students? 17, DJ. Musicians with high potential but low conversion, 20 to 35. Oh, that's fire. That that level of uh specificity is awesome. I feel like that's almost like a dispatch specificity of like having an offer in a business. So that's awesome, right? That's perfect. Question two, and this
[24:54 | t=1494] goes even more specific now. And it kind of ties back to this whole like life scenario thing that we just talked about of like are they in college versus out of college versus starting to have kids versus like has kids, no kids. What dream result does your page deliver? Don't think about the pain points for now. Just think about this ideal viewer persona that you've started to develop in your mind, what do they want in life? What What are they What are they looking for in life? And just like general and there's like a ton of bullet points, right? Because in this like Google Doc of the ideal viewer persona, the specific dream result can be like super
[25:25 | t=1525] duper long. For this case, just like try to put any points of like things that they would want in life. Life balance, taking care of yourself again, seeing it's possible to go for goals with kids. Awesome. That's awesome. I like that. I like specifically go for your goals with kids cuz I think that's it's like within these dream results, that's kind of how you carve out a very unique name in this space because that's where you're like, okay, you can become known for being the person who serves people with kids specifically, right? Um a feeling of control over where their
[25:56 | t=1556] time gets spent without having to sacrifice the current stage of your life. Feeling of control over where their time gets spent without having to sacrifice the current stage of their life. So like time management in sense. I think this is also where you can start to carve out your niche as well cuz it's like within the dream result, it's kind of what, you know, sector of life you're trying to serve. Is it like productivity advice? Is it like Let's say it's like parenting advice? Is it like fitness advice, health advice, etc.? And maybe it's not even advice, it's like storytelling or vlogging. But
[26:26 | t=1586] it's like a lot of times we vlog, storytelling, etc., there's suddenly like an outcome that we're helping people get as well. Uh balancing having big dreams while living your life. Awesome. I like that, too. I like that, too. Overcome the fear of approaching women and having your dream relationship. That's fire. I would highly recommend talking to Prosper as well cuz I think his I his uh ideal viewer's uh outcome is very similar as well. Self-acceptance and creating their own life path, not based on what others say or those around them have. We are all different. Curiosity over judgment.
[26:56 | t=1616] That's fire. That's fire. And there's so many like there's like values and principles that I've seen there, too. 23-year-old who's looking for purpose because they feel lost. They just left uni where they were the top, now at the bottom competing against older adults. Yo, that's so specific and that's fire. Those You can literally tell stories around. To achieve your goals without making excuses or wasting time. That's fire, right? And the more specific it's like I would say a great example is what Nelson just said. He put a specific age, 23-year-old, looking for purpose so it's like striving for something. And they just were in this scenario, they just
[27:27 | t=1647] left university and they were at the top but now at the bottom. It's like there's a whole story embedded in that ideal viewer. So that's amazing. And this kind of leads me these this idea of creating these specific constraints and life situations for your ideal viewer, at least to the second or the third question, which is why do they actually want it, right? So one level deeper, let's say for a lot of these answers, it's like to achieve your goals without making excuses or wasting time. If you were to kind of do this weird psychoanalysis and go one layer deeper,
[27:57 | t=1677] why do they want to achieve their goals without making excuses? Why is making excuses so personally painful to them? Uh why is wasting time such a bad thing to them? Um and it's like you might think that's obvious, but it's really not. It's like why is wasting time bad? Why is excuses bad, right? Then you can go deeper on maybe some like backstory elements. Like maybe wasting time feels really feels really bad because they have ambitions in their life. Making excuses feels really bad because they have a history of making a lot of excuses that led to them not getting results while they were
[28:28 | t=1708] in college as an example, right? But in the case of let's say if you run a niche specific page, uh and I use the the example of AI here, uh let's say the idea of your page is just to teach things about AI or teach AI news. That's fine. And AI news and AI or tech news, it's interesting and compelling and it can scratch the itch of curiosity, but I think the best pages subtly have a deeper why behind why
[28:58 | t=1738] people care about the AI news. It's like a lot of the AI news channels that are crushing it on YouTube, they have this subtle backdrop of like making money with AI. So an example here is like this guy is absolutely crushing it in the AI space. He also is running a school community with like [ __ ] 400k a month or something. And it's like a lot of the undertone around his AI content is like how to build a business with AI. And that turns it from just this interesting, you know, brain-scratching
[29:28 | t=1768] curiosity-scratching thing to a holy [ __ ] this guy's actually practically making a tangible impact on the outcomes in my life and I need to come back to his content every single day because he's actually going to like herald real tangible change in my life. That's not because like Nick Suriya's going to like come out of the computer and like take control of my computer, it's because the way he packages the AI news is talking about maybe like bringing up things like the job market, bringing up how useful things are in terms of getting actual work done, etc. Right? So, tie it back
[29:59 | t=1799] to real-world outcomes makes your niche-specific content hit significantly harder. And it also helps you build kind of like this cult-like brand where people turn to you as an authority because they actually can tie back your advice and your content to like real-world things that they're applying in their life and not just being like entertaining or interesting. If being kind of like an authority in your space is actually important to you with your personal brand. Now, let's talk about practically applying it and we're almost done and we can cover questions at the end. So, now let's tie it back into the
[30:30 | t=1830] hook cuz the hook informs the rest of the video. And I used a very tangible example from a a call that I had with a one of our one of our content academy members earlier, right? But basically, I was reviewing Rostislav's video on Open Claw, right? And I was basically telling him, Open Claw he made a video about Open Claw and APIs, which from a technical perspective is very useful. But a stranger scrolling is going to hear the words Open Claw and APIs and he's going to ask himself
[31:01 | t=1861] subconsciously, you know, is this really useful to me? Like and maybe they're conscious like we're not consciously thinking these things as a viewer, but if a video doesn't spike emotion, then most likely we're scrolling anyways. So, subconsciously like maybe a video about AI should answer the question at or at least allude to being able to answer the question, how does this help me not become poor? How does this help me get more done in my day? So, an easy way to format an Open Claw video, which is like an AI tool by the way if you guys aren't
[31:31 | t=1891] familiar, an easy way to format this video with a hook that can actually hit and solve a pain point for the ideal viewer is let's say that we know the ideal viewer of this AI channel is an 18 to 24-year-old college student. Let's say this Let's say I'm a personal brand that serves college students and I'm making a video about Open Claw. I can say, "Holy [ __ ] Open Claw just did my entire semester's worth of studying in 2 minutes." Another one, "Is it possible
[32:01 | t=1921] to ace an exam after studying for just 2 minutes using my Open Claw?" I I think that could actually kind of hit with the algo right there cuz it hits the dream result for a student of acing their classes and spending as little time as possible on it. So, that's like a dream outcome for a lot of these like 18 to 24-year-old students and then using AI as the mechanism. So, it's no longer AI is this interesting thing that might be able to, you know, teach you a thing or two, but it's just like a hobbyist tool and it turns it into a holy [ __ ] AI
[32:32 | t=1952] could actually practically be injected to do your work for you in school. So, now the reason why they're hooked is not just because AI is interesting, but because they're realizing, "Holy [ __ ] AI might actually solve my problems for me in my life." And yes, this is recording. I have it on the loom. If this isn't recording, I'm going to actually cry, but I am actually recording. Now, tactically, the first 10 seconds is probably around how much time you're given leniency-wise, right? And that's what I would consider the hook
[33:02 | t=1982] {slash} the first 3 seconds to hit them with emotion. So, when it comes down to like being able to hook your viewer, a lot of times I talk about like, you know, using hook frameworks. Like I talk about taking just like picking a hook from the viral hooks list and just picking one and copying one. But you have to understand like the psychology of why hooks are even helpful. And the way that you understand that is understanding that like what makes this person care? What What makes this person
[33:32 | t=2012] care? And before you even know that, it's like who even are they? So, who is this person? What do they care about? And then how do I like insert my idea into that narrative of what they care about? And then how do I make them feel that in the first 10 seconds. And then an easy way to shortcut that is just like pick a framework from like one of the many viral hooks from like a template or find a viral video on your For You page that kind of matches that and then take inspo from whatever hooks they're using. And try to ask yourself too as you watch
[34:02 | t=2042] videos, it's like what hooked me? What specifically got me emotionally invested in this person's story, right? Was it Maybe it's their story about like, you know, them talking about like growing up with like Indian parrots, right? Like Indian tiger parrots. And I was like, "Wow, that resonates with me as an Asian person." Cuz that like that's one of the ways that can hit me emotionally cuz it's like the nostalgia of like being uh the the son of like immigrant parents,
[34:32 | t=2072] right? But this is more so a broad framework just to keep in the back of your mind not just as you're writing hooks, but also as you're consuming content, just asking yourself, yeah, shout out Rohan. That's That's a [ __ ] W W catch with the content. But yeah, ask yourself as you're scrolling too, like which videos hit me emotionally personally? And those are actually great Like that's a great way to also find out like which videos should I take inspiration from? Because the videos that hit me emotionally and inspire me to be a viewer, like inspire me to watch till the entire thing, maybe that can inform me to make my art and my
[35:04 | t=2104] content and my messaging and scripting and storytelling hit in a similar way. So, ask yourself what emotions were provoked when I watch videos. Cuz a lot of times we're watching subconsciously, but it's oftentimes the best way to understand what is hooking. And another framework to ask yourself is like, what emotion is your viewer already feeling? So, an example is Let Let me go back to my framework of like the 18 to 24-year-old. I'm just going to say 20 to simplify it even more. The 20-year-old college student who is just got just got off the back of, you know, cold DMing a
[35:35 | t=2135] [ __ ] ton of people on LinkedIn to try and do networking calls over Zoom. And then half of them did not even get back to him. Half of his job applications for internships in the summer did not even get back to him. Well, what are they feeling right now? Because I was able to paint this picture of my ICP so clearly, I can literally imagine what emotion they're feeling. Well, they're probably feeling panic and despair right now because they just got rejected from half the jobs that they applied to. How do I make an AI video appeal to those
[36:05 | t=2165] emotions? Well, then I could probably say like, "Yeah, AI is probably stealing all of your jobs right now, which is why you're not getting accepted by any of them. So, I made a free AI tool that helps you scrape 1,000 jobs at the same time and apply to all of them simultaneously using and writes like cover letters in your own unique voice so you can ride the AI wave rather than getting replaced." So, it leans into the narrative of panic that this ICP, this
[36:35 | t=2195] ideal viewer of a 20-year-old is probably feeling getting rejected by jobs, leans into the narrative belief system that they're already probably living in, which is like AI sucks and it's going to steal my job, and then it leans into that and creates a video into that narrative. And that's also a great way to make like UGC videos as well, lean into a narrative that people are already thinking about and then somehow like make your video solve a pain point that your viewer is already living in. Okay. Does that make sense? Just like drop a yes or like anything in
[37:06 | t=2226] the chat if that example like somehow made sense. Cuz that's essentially the thinking that I like to think about like ideating my video ideas. It's like what emotional place and like what specific situation is my ideal viewer in? And the the more specific example of a situation that you can paint in your ideal viewer, the better. So, a lot of times too I I another example. Okay, somebody give me like their ideal viewer and then try to paint as specific of a scenario as possible that they're living in. So, I painted the picture of a college student
[37:36 | t=2256] who just got rejected from half the job applications and is like desperately trying to connect with people on LinkedIn and not getting responses and they're feeling desperate, they're feeling panicking. Somebody paint like a similar ideal viewer. Doesn't even have to be your ideal viewer, just like paint any picture and then we can try strategizing like a hook based on that pain point that they're feeling. And a lot of the best TikTokers do this actually. This is like a framework that I learned from my friend, shout out @davie on TikTok. You know, he he's in your college and a lot of his content is based off this framework of like helping
[38:06 | t=2286] the people stuck in these very specific emotional scenarios in college and creating hooks that really hit hard with that ICP. Okay, let's do it. Pre-med student who got rejected from every med school and is feeling lost after years of hard work. Maybe then you can make a Okay, pre-med student who got rejected from every med school and is feeling lost. Maybe you can make a video about an academic comeback. Here's how I Here's how to have the most insane academic comeback of your career. And then you have like footage of you at the
[38:36 | t=2316] desk like Junia style. You know, you ever see those videos of like of like Junia or like Ali Abdaal at his at their desk like studying with like the monitor and stuff at night and it gives this vibe of like it's 3:00 a.m. and they're going to turn their life around at 3:00 a.m. because they're feeling really sad about getting rejected and they're like reflecting on their life doom scrolling and you hit them then like boom. So, like that's an example. Academic comeback is a way to help people who feel like they're just at like an all-time low in terms of academics. And I don't know the exact specifics of like pre-med like, you know, the exact exams
[39:06 | t=2346] to take and like the pre-med you know, like school acceptance process. So, I think like you could probably script it better, but I'm just like giving a general framework for like what I'm trying to describe here with it. 23-year-old college kid who's graduating in 6 months and has no idea what he wants to do with his life, but has so much drive and ambition. Okay, 23-year-old college kid who's graduating in 6 months and has no idea. You can make one of those hope core videos where it's like reframing limiting beliefs. It's like I call I have no idea what I want to do with my life and it's like
[39:38 | t=2378] and then it reframes it as this like hopeful hope core opportunity where it's like I get to figure out what my life's passion is. I don't know if you guys ever seen those kind of videos where reframes these like panicking beliefs around like it's kind of like joy being where it it hits the people who are uh feeling down about a certain life scenario uh feel really lost. I'm graduating in 6 months and I have no idea what to do with my life. I'm graduating in 6 months and I get to explore explore life with a with a blank slate. 21 to 25-year-old try to build
[40:08 | t=2408] lower this year and overcome one big challenge that scares me. So here's a door yo day one of DoorDashing to figure out my life is fire. Like that kind of cuz I think that makes people who are in that scenario feel a lot less alone. It's like hey, it's okay to start and like do something that feels probably low low aura like DoorDashing even if you got a degree and like start over from scratch to figure out your life. It's like a way to hit that ICP and make them feel related to and safe and it's like it's like you don't give a [ __ ] what people think about you and like the
[40:39 | t=2439] prestige or like getting a a fancy job title out of college you just went and started DoorDashing. Like I think that would be sick cuz it hits the pain point a lot of a lot of new grad new grads in college not having a job out of the out of the uh out of the gate and then feeling like they're comparing themselves with all their classmates who do have jobs at these prestigious names and then they just find themselves feeling really down about themselves. You can like herald the movement of those people etc. Notice I'm like really trying to paint a picture of a psychographic of the uh like psychographics of this specific
[41:10 | t=2470] person and like what they're going through in life. Right? And this and the timing really does matter too. It's really important too like this is not about fear mongering like I know I described like hit them with their pain point. Find out what their pain points are. I like to think about it as once you understand where somebody's at mentally even if it's a darker place filled with like fear and panic your content can serve to become like an example for them where you find people
[41:40 | t=2500] who are in a state of fear panic in a lower state going through maybe a tense time in life and then the value that you can provide your story your journey documenting your journey can become an inspiration and help people who are in that scenario right now. So it's not just about injecting fear for fear's sake. You also get to find people who are at the beginning of a journey and take them through a journey and that's what I believe the whole storytelling kind of content is for. You get people you hook people with a very
[42:10 | t=2530] you know who who might be in a very dark period and in like a very stressful scenario in their life and then you explain your life story perhaps. Maybe you've gone through that scenario before and you're help able to you're able to help guide them through it. Find them where they are aka understand who your ideal viewer persona is and understand what life situation they're on right? Like we said like the the 20-year-old kid who just got rejected from every job application got rejected from every uh networking request that they had on LinkedIn. Find them where they are. Hook them with the
[42:40 | t=2560] words that you know will resonate with them. Maybe talking about the things that are top of mind like how AI is stealing all their jobs and then bring them closer to the truth. Maybe that's by your video shaping their belief system like changing how their their perspective is on like the job market or changing how their perspective is on AI or change or maybe telling your story of how you were there when you were 20 and about to graduate college but then you slowly went through the journey of your own development yada yada yada and then
[43:10 | t=2590] you eventually got to the better place in life and you're like follow along to learn more lessons from it. You know, so that's that's the whole thinking behind like the the 30 lessons before 30 creators who are more like the mentor or even if you're documenting it public like maybe you're in the same place as that 20-year-old kid who's um like struggling to find internships. Like maybe you are also a 20-year-old kid who's struggling to find internships. Then the the kind of impact that you can have in your content to this style of ideal viewer is being like yo I'm there too but I'm going to
[43:41 | t=2621] document my life every day until I figure it the [ __ ] out. So follow along because I'm going to figure it out and you're going to figure it out with me. So that's another like journey follow along style of content. So I believe too the ideal viewer helps inform the positioning of your content because if you know who your ideal viewer is you know whether you're going to position yourself as the mentor reaching out helping ahead to like a younger less ex- or maybe less experienced ideal viewer or you're going to assume the position of like the friend who's on the same
[44:12 | t=2652] level as them. They're in the same life situation but you're kind of like their accountability buddy or like you're you're their buddy who's going through the the life journey together and you're like document the journey along with me and you get to build an audience of that ideal viewer who's very similar to you. And that that was like the whole thinking behind my own content too where I feel like I built an audience of people who are literally the same age as me with my Instagram when I was documenting my own series doing this concept called road to $100,000 a month trying to build a business from scratch
[44:42 | t=2682] and I attracted a bunch of people who were also literally my age like in college trying to figure it out too. Let me know if that makes sense. Quick quick recap. We talked about the algorithm why a watch time is important and because watch time is important you need to create perceived value very early on and in order to create perceived value you need to understand who you're talking to and what they even want in life. And then that's how you formulate your hooks your scripts storytelling series etc. Make this is helpful. I appreciate
[45:12 | t=2712] it. I appreciate it. I yeah, let me know if you guys want to do this lesson. All right. Thank you guys so much for watching our lesson on the ideal viewer persona. If you feel like this was helpful I highly highly recommend the rest of my videos on this channel. I promise they're not just theoretical on what strategies to employ but actually have a bunch of guides like this one on how I literally step by step make my own viral videos from ideating scripting filming editing live. So I highly recommend you check out and watch that
[45:43 | t=2743] one. I'll catch you guys in the next one. Peace.
