# s063  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgbgmZ6cjWQ)

[0:00 | t=0] In this video we're interviewing Brad Shaw, who grew from zero to 800,000 followers in less than 6 months without positioning himself as some guru cuz he did it authentically while juggling his full-time job. >> afford to propose to my girlfriend, so today's day one of DoorDashing for a diamond ring. But let me start from the beginning. Six months [music] ago I bought a condo we both fell in love with. Problem is it made me so house poor I can't even afford to propose. We've been together for a year and a half. The ring she deserves $6,500. [music]
[0:30 | t=30] And I'm starting at zero. So every night after work I'm DoorDashing because waiting for the perfect moment is just fear with a deadline. And she deserves more than my excuses. So I'm starting now. Follow to see how long it takes. >> So I sat down with him today and asked him his exact story telling framework that's gotten him anywhere between 10 to 15 million views on his videos. How he uses AI and specific prompting to augment his scripting and creative process to make viral videos. And lastly, what to do when you blow up overnight so you can know what to do
[1:00 | t=60] once your personal brand blows up overnight after you apply the advice in this video. Let's get into the interview. Thank you guys so much for tuning in. This is Brad. Now in the past 6 months on his two accounts on TikTok and Instagram he has grown accumulative over 800,000 followers. And I remember like like before you posted these videos you were like you said that you were you started off at like 150 followers before
[1:32 | t=92] that massive spike before you started the series. >> Yeah, yeah. I think I think on like Instagram I had maybe like 23 or something like maybe 23 or something like that. And then on TikTok I had 110. But I think that was mostly because I did like that like teamwork trend where people follow each other. And so it wasn't like real followers, you know. >> Wow. So pretty much from from complete scratch, like no base. When you posted that first video, so he Brad started a series and let me I can actually share
[2:03 | t=123] my screen to show you guys called DoorDashing for a diamond ring. And that first ever video got I like do you remember the exact view count, but I think it was definitely over 10 million. >> Yeah, I think it's at 15 now. >> Oh my goodness. >> million, yeah. >> 15 million that's mythical. Yeah, actually 15 million views, but not just that. A million after that. A million after that. 19 million after that. So, in the first week or like in that very early time frame, how
[2:35 | t=155] quickly did you grow? >> I think that first video, I think I got like 70,000 I think. And I think by like day five, I think it was like close to like 140, 150. So, in that first week I grew from like zero to zero to like 150k I think. And then on TikTok it was even it was even higher on TikTok. TikTok I think it was like 250 if I remember correctly. >> 250k? >> Yeah, I I don't have the screenshots. My girlfriend has them. >> [laughter] >> But yeah, she's like yeah, it's like it
[3:06 | t=186] was kind of crazy cuz you'd refresh and then the number would just go up every time you I refreshed it. And it was it was really overwhelming. Um kind of going that viral. >> Yeah, that that is nuts. And I would love to ask more about also like not just the technical side cuz obviously like that is unprecedented and I would love for you to share like your sauce, but also kind of like on the human side, like the personal side, like what that's like cuz it it is and that's not just like explosive, that's genuinely like overnight almost probably felt like your
[3:37 | t=217] life changed in that. >> Oh, 100%. Yeah, yeah. So, I mean like there were like people that I was watch that I watched like their content for like years who were like commenting or like following or liking the video. And that felt like you know, it felt kind of crazy. It's like, "Yo, I watched you 5 years ago during COVID." >> [laughter] >> And now it's like you've seen like my reel, which is pretty cool. I think it was overwhelming cuz like I I was going to be happy if the video just got like 10,000 views. I think prior to that first video, it was just my highest
[4:08 | t=248] views was like 3,900. And so I was like, "Yeah, I got to I got to break the five-figure mark. I hope this video does it." Like I spent like a little bit of time on the hook, a little bit time editing. It's the first video I used sound effects on. And so I was like, "Oh, maybe that that's what will get me over the hump." Uh so yeah, there was like that aspect of like kind of being in awe of like how how well it did. Yeah, just how recognized it was. Another part was pretty over like kind of overwhelming and like being not being able to trust others. When all these people were in your DMs and saying like,
[4:39 | t=279] "Oh, like every jeweler under the sun either sent me an email, sent me a DM saying, 'We'll do the ring for you for free. We'll do a shout-out.'" Uh DoorDash was like DoorDash interviewed or not interviewed, they they sent an email. Shipped is another like delivery service. They wanted to do like 8K for one video to cover the ring and then some. And then influencers too were reaching out. Like there was someone on like 2 million on like TikTok. And then Tracks NYC also like DM'd me too saying that they want to hook me up. Initially,
[5:09 | t=309] I was like, "Dang, like I could just do the do the series and then um kind of take advantage of one of these like companies and then just uh you know, >> [laughter] >> take the ring from them." But one of my friends, uh I told him about like the influencer wanting to buy it for me. And he was saying like, "Oh, are you going to take the ring from this this person?" Her name was like Katherine Epps or something like that. And like when I heard that, I was like, "Oh, I don't want this ring to be coming from someone else. Like I want it to come from me. And I don't want it to be like,
[5:39 | t=339] 'Oh, that's the ring from DoorDash.' Or 'Oh, that's the ring from Katherine Epps.' Or 'That's the ring from Brilliant Earth.' Like I I want it to be like, 'Oh, that's the ring from from Brad, you know, that he worked for. And so, I decided not to take any of the companies. I didn't take any of the money, any of the sponsorships, anything like that. And it didn't feel like Yeah, and I also just didn't trust them. I feel like they were trying to like take advantage of me. >> [laughter] >> And so, there's that aspect. And then the final one that I felt really felt was like kind of lonely, cuz it's not like there's like like a channel where you can look up and join other creators who went viral, you know, other creators
[6:09 | t=369] who've grown like 100k in a week. Like there's there's no like centralized hub for that. And so, um all these I didn't know what the right decision to make was, and it was just kind of overwhelming, kind of lonely, and um that's like the human aspect, I think, of going a little too viral. How did you navigate? Because I think you made so many like intelligent choices. Like brands trying to take advantage of you, like you being able to even recognize that. Like you hear so many examples of like I I feel like there's so many classic examples on the internet of people who blew up for some way like I don't know, like hot tub girl, you know,
[6:39 | t=399] and then they end up watching a [ __ ] meme coin, and they don't even know what they're doing. They just got taken advantage of. Yeah, how did you navigate? I mean, prior to joining Content Academy, I had a whole bunch of I was in a other like content groups. I'd interview or they'd interview, kind of like this, and they'd hear from other creators who like did the brand deals, went the brand deal route. And a lot of them said that they regretted it. A lot of them said that like they ended up feeling like a billboard. They couldn't make videos that they wanted to make. Um they were just show they were they were like advocating for other companies, and they felt like they
[7:11 | t=431] eventually saw the views go down, the followers go down. And so, I I was under the impression like like, oh, if you do brand deals, that's how you you're going to lose followers. And like, so that's why I didn't really want to take it. And hearing them regret that decision, that's what really prompted me to just not kind of take all of them, take any of them. I haven't done any brand deals. So. >> Wow, that's that's crazy. But I I think that's such a W move. It's one of the classic cliches from people like Gary Vee or Mosey, but it's like, give, give, give. And like the longer you can kind of pull it back, it's kind
[7:41 | t=461] of like a slingshot, where eventually, when you find, I guess, not just a like a lucrative opportunity, but also something that really feels like it aligns, you, in a sense, earned trust over so long. I guess the reward is significantly greater for all of the goodwill that you built with that audience. >> Right. Right. >> I I want to jump back into that, but I I want to also talk like it's something really interesting you said that you almost were just wanting like 10K views on the video. Like there was no like like shot calling like, "Yo, this one's going to hit like a million
[8:12 | t=492] like before." It was just like So it was not expected whatsoever. >> None of that. No, no. When I When I posted I posted it at like 1:50 a.m. for the Content Games or something like that. I don't know if the Content Games started. But yeah, I posted at 1:50 my time, and like that's that's like 10 minutes before the cut off, and I was like, "Man, this is the first video." The reason why I took so long is cuz I added sound effects. I was like looking on YouTube like top 20 viral sound effects, and I was adding them in. It took a little longer, and I was like, "Oh, man, all this effort, I hope I get
[8:42 | t=522] 10K views." Yeah, it was there the expectation was not there. Prior to these videos, like I just did bunch of like talking head and like cat videos. That like prior to joining Content Academy, I just posted cat videos. Like videos of my cat that I thought was kind of cute, and then I put like some trending audio, and it would get maybe 1,500 views. >> So did you have any goals of like What were your goals going in then to posting this video and starting the series? >> Yeah, so for this series in particular, I wanted to like number one, like keep
[9:15 | t=555] myself accountable and actually DoorDash, and like get the money for the ring. That's That's like the the biggest thing is like And then prior to this video, I was posting every day for I think close to like 50 days. And so I always had like a video to get audited by Sam or by Prosper or by you even, because I wanted to keep posting one a day. Uh I just was like, "Oh, I'll just do what I'm doing I'm what I'm doing is going to be DoorDashing. So, might as well make a video about it and I'll just post one a day. Um, and also keep participating in
[9:45 | t=585] content games, too. So, a lot of it wasn't like like, oh, I'm going to build like a I I think that's like a almost a misconception that I think a lot of people have, which is like, you know, you go in with this mindset of like, I'm going to become a big influencer and like maybe there's like some complex strategy behind it. Like you were just kind of doing it just to show up and kind of one day at a time mindset. >> Yeah. Yeah, like I mean, my expectation was like I wouldn't break 10k views until like I posted 60 videos. I think you say that in like the the week seven
[10:17 | t=617] or the seven-day like week one challenge is like you got to like lower your expectation and realize it takes time and it's like a skill to do. Yeah, I just wanted to do the reps and get that in. Just post every day and try and get that done as as fast as possible and then I mean, the I I watched like other like Tik Tok like Chase, I think. Chase on Tik Tok. He's another like content how to create content influencer and he says like you got to post like 30 times a day and I was like, I don't know if I can do 30, but I do think you have to post
[10:47 | t=647] every day. So, that's that's just kind of what I did. >> That's awesome. It's very easy, obviously, to like post-rationalize, oh, the video blew up because of XYZ, but in the moment, like what are things that you did differently for this series cuz you were starting, it was like a day one of a new series idea that you did differently versus the 50 videos prior? >> I think I spent a lot of time on the hook. I think the hook was a lot a lot different. All the hooks that I was using prior to these videos prior to these videos were audience focused. They
[11:18 | t=678] were like trying to give value. They was like, oh, you can't rely on your 9-5 job. Or oh, if you want to sell something, you you need to be persuasive. Or it was just like very like you you you. Or like if you want to negotiate, you need to figure out what the other person wants. And like, for the first time I feel like I made a video that I wanted to make, where I started with a hook started with I, cuz I always thought it had to start with you. And so, rather than like trying to give value, I think I was just trying to show just show off my life, I guess.
[11:49 | t=709] Like post about my life. The other thing that I did, too, is I really made this I made it intentional to be under like 45 seconds. So, all the app videos that are like over a minute long, they don't do well cuz people just scroll. >> [laughter] >> People scroll, and your in then your like percent watched is like single digits. Whereas if it's like a 30-second video, then it's twice as higher, or it's like twice as much, and there's a fighting chance that it might get pushed more. That's why those 7-second videos with trendy audio in the background,
[12:19 | t=739] that's why they do so well, is because people will keep watching them over and have it on loop while they read a caption. And so, I I think those were the two main things is I made it not about I made it something other than like business and like work and not trying to give value, and then I also made it under 45 seconds to try and improve like the the percent watch time. >> I know this is like a very specific question, but if you were to go back like all the way back then, how did you exactly think through like I can't afford to propose to my girlfriend to
[12:49 | t=769] today's day one of Door Dashing for diamond ring? In my mind, when I see that I'm like, that's a brilliant hook. How like how did you think of that in that moment? And what was the thought process? >> You're right. Let me Let me pull up my I actually did it with AI. I came up with that, but or I I finalized the wording for that hook, but in terms of the inspiration, it was through AI. And I was using Claude. I wasn't using the hooker the the hook bot. Not going to lie, I thought Like I feel like it's good for like UGC videos, but I don't think it would kind
[13:19 | t=799] of work for what I was going for in this video. I think I asked it like, I'm going to start a new series where I DoorDash for my girlfriend's engagement ring. What are some like hook ideas? And it was as it was like rather than jumping into the ideas like oh why are you doing it? And I was like oh well I'm broke, I'm house poor and I can't like buy I can't buy it cuz it's like 6,500 bucks and I don't have that. And then it suggested like I can't buy my or like it's like I can't buy my girlfriend's engagement ring or something like that. I was like oh like
[13:51 | t=831] the series title I feel like I want it to be catchy and DoorDash for a diamond ring. They're both like both kind of start with D. And so I thought that kind of be catchy and then oh it said no no no the it suggested I'm so house poor I can't afford to buy my or I can't buy my engagement ring or something like that. I was like that's way too long. Let me just shorten it to just I can't afford most my girlfriend. And so I think I went through like seven iterations with Claude before we finally settled on that one. And then the script that it gave me the way that I kind of framed it is I I
[14:22 | t=862] had this one philosophy line. Like I made the one line stand out. That was like the main idea of the video. And the main idea of that first video was the she deserves more than my excuses. I think. Those were like the two things that I had. I had the hook which is like oh I'm broke and I can't afford to buy my girlfriend a diamond ring. And then the main idea of the video is like you know she I need to do something about it. She did she doesn't deserve for me to wait. I can't remember the exact line that I said. But if you go through every single video there's people in my comments quoting
[14:52 | t=892] that exact line. And that's like the goal that I had is like after every single video I want people to quote that main idea line. And that's what I made the video about. >> Interesting. Where did the line come up? Was it like towards the end? >> Yeah yeah. Because waiting for the perfect moment is just fear with a deadline. >> Oh. >> And so that was the main idea of the video and that's the one exactly that people are quoting. And so that's that's the formula I followed for every single video after that. And the formula that I still follow to to this day. >> Just to reiterate the formula is kind of like what is the one line that you want
[15:23 | t=923] people to remember, quote from the video. >> Yeah. >> I see. Uh, so was it the same across like the rest of videos cuz then it's like day two, day three, day four, day five or did you come up with a new like core line for each of these? >> Yeah, a new core line for each video. >> How did you go about coming up with this core line? Cuz it's like there's a lot of core lines then cuz there's so many like you cuz you posted so consistently. >> I think for the first like 20 videos, 20 25-ish videos it was easy cuz I feel
[15:53 | t=953] like it's just like oh like like what's like a reason why I love my girlfriend? After that I started to use AI a lot more and I'd ask AI like what do you kind of recommend or like what are some like things that women want men to know and men to want women to know and I kind of use that and then just added like a story um about how like my relationship is kind of like that too. And so that's that's kind of where my content is going now is like it's more like oh how do I how do I kind of like address like an elephant in the room in someone's relationship and just kind of like put my take on it or like what what
[16:25 | t=985] I would say to that certain situation. >> I see. So let's let's say like on a random day uh this is this is gold bio. This is sauce, yo. Let's say on a random day what is like step one of making uh your video? Like I'm guessing it's the idea. What is step one that you do? >> Yeah, step one is definitely coming up with like that core line um trying to tweak that with Claude. And so it'll be like Let's say let's say like day 53 is like oh she is the table or something like
[16:55 | t=1015] that. That's that's the line that I want people to quote. Um I think day 27 was the day 27 was another viral one. I think that one was where my girlfriend was sick and I was like oh I want people I want like to share our morning waking up together in the morning. Like I want that to be like that's what I want and that's why I'm That's why I'm DoorDashing. And so, yeah, I I put that through a couple iterations trying to get it as close as possible with Claude. And then after that, I would come up
[17:26 | t=1046] with a couple story ideas that are relevant, like personal examples. Like if it's a video of about like money or something like that. There's like a couple key moments in our relationship where we've talked about money, and like what was like the the scenario behind it. And I'd try and remember like key details about that, right? About like oh, like maybe why does she view Oh, okay. Like one example is like me gambling. Growing up, I was a huge degenerate gambler. My friend put me on uh in in the state that I'm in, you can gamble when you're 18. And so, on my way
[17:56 | t=1076] to Before I started Before I went to college, my friend took me to the casino and I lost 40 bucks playing blackjack. And I was like, "Shit, I got to I got to make it back." And so, I got addicted to gambling, basically. And but my girlfriend, she's like she's very anti-gambling because like kind of like her family has been affected by that. And so, that's like an example where like I kind of take into the go a little bit more into the details about like my story about like oh, this is like what someone in like a relationship what someone with like a gambling um addiction kind of feels like. This is
[18:26 | t=1106] why how she reacted when like, you know, kind of kind of got kind of made her upset. And then this is what I did to change to make our relationship right again and for our relationship to be healthy healthy. And then I'd feed all that information to Claude. I'd ask it to give it a script. I read it over. I go through line by line, ask it to change it. Um change certain details or like add certain details that are missing. And then it kind of give me one last final script. And then this is where I think is like pretty important is I'd ask Claude to read through that script again
[18:56 | t=1136] and say, "As act like you're a third grader, where are you confused?" Or like what does this all make sense? And then it'll give like points in the script where it was confused or where wording is a little bit confusing. And it gives you suggestions. I'll usually just ignore the suggestions and kind of come up with my own one. Yeah, and then just put it back through one more time, and then yeah, and then it'll give you the script, and then I'll add filler words in between. Um I'll add like and, but, because, so, cuz Claude just doesn't put those in. And if you were to read it
[19:26 | t=1166] without those like filler words, it sounds AI. And like people hate hate AI scripts now. And so, it's important to like, you know, still make it human. That's generally how it goes, I think. >> This is awesome. I I would genuinely would not have guessed that you like AI script. Like I would have thought like, oh, like you're in there like I'm like typing it like fully from scratch, but I think this is brilliant. It's like I really like what you say about like specifically how you're prompting it, and then like what you're ignoring, cuz
[19:56 | t=1196] I think that's what a lot of people also like there that's like the nuance with AI where it's it's either like I use AI, I don't use AI. In reality, you need to know when to not use it, and when to use it. >> Yeah. Right. >> Wow, awesome. You Okay, this is like super specific, but if you could actually share like a prompt, if you could like share like a conversation you had with Claude, I think that could be like insanely insightful. >> Yeah, maybe maybe I'll put it in the sauce later. Um like I feel like I don't
[20:26 | t=1226] want to I don't want to ruin the audio or anything like that. Yeah, yeah, I'll put it in sauce later. >> That's awesome. And you specifically use Claude. >> Yeah. >> That is fire. Okay, dang dang, that's sick. And so, it's like core idea, pick a story, brain dump it, ask it to first draft a script, revise it, and then ask it again ask like your third grader, where you confused? >> Yeah. Yep. >> Wow. Okay, so this is like scripting. Then what's next after you you have the finished script, you're like, okay, this is revised, it's ready to go. What does
[20:58 | t=1258] your like filming process after that look like? >> Yeah, so I'll DoorDash. I'll go DoorDash for like two and and half, three hours or something like that. Make pennies, and then I'll uh find like a decently lit parking lot. Try and find a lamp post that has the light showing my face instead of behind. That way I don't show up dark. Yeah, I'll just I'll record I used to record on my iPhone 15, my 15 Pro Max. And then now my my
[21:29 | t=1289] and now future in-laws, they gifted me a DJI, so I record with that now. But yeah, I'll record. I'll go line by line. So, I'll memorize the line, then I'll say it. And then another thing that I do is like for and for the lines that I want to emphasize, I'll go closer to the camera. And so, my face will show up more, and I'll kind of like do that influencer edit, where I'll start off start out like farther from the camera, and then I don't know. This is more more of my recent videos. >> This one? >> Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, this will have the
[22:00 | t=1320] hooks. Coach Sam came up with this, so he knows what he's talking about. >> Let's go. Oh, so. >> Yeah, and then I'll add some B-roll just to keep it engaging. And then later on, I kind of go closer to the camera when I want to make an emphasis. >> Oh, I see it now. It's you're closer, and then I think you backed up. >> Yeah. Just to try and keep it engaging, and so that there's like some movement on the screen. And then I'll yeah, I just follow the editing that you you say in the the week one, where you want to
[22:31 | t=1351] break it up two to three words at a time. I'll add B-roll or a sound effect every three to four seconds, and then try to keep it engaging that way. Choose one of the trending audios from the Content Academy playlist that Gabe put together. And yeah, I mean, just use B-roll from like, you know, my relationship, or of the ring, or oh, I guess I'll have recently I've started to like record specific B-roll, so I'll like record, you know, my phone screen like in that one, or me being upset, or me at work, or something like that. So.
[23:01 | t=1381] >> I love the sound effects every 3 seconds, too. That's a These are all like so subtle. But I I really want to highlight this, actually. It's like I I like to think of it as like you do like the fundamentals really well. Like there's no VFX, like something insane. There's no like crazy like I don't I know some people do like Higgs field AI like transitions and whatnot. It's just like it's I think it's like the fundamentals, like auto captions, b-roll, sound, and it's just done really well. And I think it's like it
[23:34 | t=1414] feels simultaneously engaging, but simple. Like when I watch this, it's never confusing, it's never overwhelming, the visuals or the sound effects. It's like it's a good middle, where it's like the b-roll lasts on screen, but it's not there for too long. >> Yeah. >> Even these small jumps, it's super subtle. Wow. Hey, that's awesome. How long does this take? Like do these videos usually take? This whole process now. >> Oh, this whole process? I mean, it'll take it'll take like an entire day. >> [laughter]
[24:04 | t=1444] >> When I was first starting out, it took me I would I would be scripting while DoorDashing or at work or doing all this AI stuff. Um so, that probably took like probably like 2 3 hours. And then I do the actual DoorDashing. So, I DoorDash from like 6:00 to like 8:30 or something. Get dinner with my girlfriend at 9:00. We'd eat we'd watch like a couple episodes of a TV show. Yeah, yeah, that's not optimal. I could be scripting. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but I'd go record at like 10:00. Uh I suck at memorizing, so
[24:34 | t=1474] recording takes me a long time. And so, I'd finish recording at like 10:30 or 11:00. Um and then I would edit until like 1:00 a.m. It'd be It'd take like 2 hours, basically, to edit, I think. And then I'd post, go to bed at like 2:00, and then repeat the cycle. Um like I'd get up I'd get up at like 6:00 for work, and then um yeah, I did that, basically. >> Wow, and you're doing this every day? Like, you're on daily post pretty much right >> I did. I mean, I'm not on daily anymore.
[25:04 | t=1504] Like, I I I got sick around like day 40 or something like that. Left the content games. I was super upset about that. Yeah, I had to take like a 2-week break. And now I've been posting pretty pretty inconsistently. I got to get back on the daily daily posting again. But yeah, after that video, I got sick. >> But you're you're feeling better now? >> Yeah, yeah. Yep, so. >> Wow, that's dedication. So, it's basically like you're waking up at 2:00 a.m. every day and like you're still working a job from like 9:00 to 5:00 as well on top of the DoorDashing, on top of the videos.
[25:34 | t=1534] >> Yeah. >> Wow. Are are there any points where you felt like you're going to burn out? >> Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, so many times. So many times. >> [laughter] >> And like, honestly, I probably would have quit my job if it wasn't for my girlfriend. Like, she she's like the degen gambler me is like, oh, I got to go all in on my content creation. And then my girlfriend's like, well, you have a house. How are you going to pay for that? And I'm like, [ __ ] you're right. I don't know. >> [laughter] >> And so, that's why I'm still kind of working my job and waiting for the social media income to replace it for a little bit. But yeah, I mean, every time
[26:04 | t=1564] I feel like I get burned out, uh I feel like I kind of have to remember like why I did it. It's like, oh, it's it's for my girlfriend. Yeah, usually that just kind of keeps me going. That and then I'll watch like Love Is like I'll watch like TV like dating TV for like inspiration on like a video topic or some something like that. >> What shows? >> Uh right now, I'm watching Temptation Island. >> [laughter] >> On Netflix. Uh I used to be watching Love Is Blind or like Singles' Inferno. Um so, those were uh some good inspiration.
[26:34 | t=1594] >> Interesting. So, you're watching like reality dating shows for inspo. >> Yeah, yeah. >> Wow, that's sauce, too. I think that's actually hella underrated cuz the fact that you can think of new ideas on daily posting, like and it's like a new right? It's like it's like a new, I guess, core idea. The ability to even do that, it's like that's hella tough. >> Yeah, yeah. I mean I think the what the Sam Coach Sam, he told me like when he was auditing my my my page when I first started out and he was watching my videos,
[27:04 | t=1624] he'd say like these topics are not interesting. And like like it's it's a kind of like hard to watch. Like I'm and like truth be told like I myself probably wouldn't have watched my own videos back in the day. And like I think you have to do and like people's attention spans are kind of shot now and like they've kind of all seen the same things and like value like middle of funnel content I think is kind of played out and I think you need to do something interesting, document doing something interesting first before you
[27:36 | t=1656] can start doing middle of funnel content. I think that's kind of the meta now is that you have to do something interesting or have some kind of compelling story or um do something do something interesting while having a compelling story and like share that in like a 30-second 30 to 45-second clip and then after that I think you can establish some authority or people actually kind of want to watch you or want to hear more and that's when you can start to like inject uh some middle of funnel value content. >> I I want to actually I'm very curious
[28:06 | t=1686] here. How do you integrate both the DoorDashing and the story cuz it's like it it is a lot to kind of fit into one video. You're simultaneously going out and doing the whole thing like for multiple hours a day and you have a whole story that's about your relationship. How are you intertwining both into the video? >> Yeah, so I never want to be I like 10 years down the line I do not want to be known as the DoorDashing guy. And so I've actually started phasing out a lot of like the DoorDashing clips because I don't want people to associate
[28:37 | t=1717] that with my face. Uh right now I feel like the next step for me is like to be kind of like the relationship guy. Um relationship boyfriend guy and so I've like stopped trying to include I've included DoorDash less and less and less. So, the DoorDashing is less of a side. Um I think the main focus is just on why I want to get my girlfriend the ring or what is the what what's like a story with my girlfriend and I that people could relate to. And then at the end, I'll just kind of tag in like I'll throw in like a and this is why I'm DoorDashing for a $6,500 ring. And then
[29:08 | t=1748] I'll just give the update. >> Yeah, I'm noticing most of the footage is like outside of DoorDashing. It's like like I'm guessing you you probably went out like maybe your girlfriend helped you or something like film separate from the film like a shot like this. >> For only for this video. I did it didn't do well, and I was like, "I'm never doing this again. It's not worth the effort." >> Yeah, that's so real. >> Yeah, I'm like, "Nah. Nah, this takes too much time." >> Yeah, it really be sometimes like the more effort just does not pay off, bro. So,
[29:38 | t=1778] yeah, I I noticed it here. It's like this video I'm pretty sure or like a lot of these videos don't actually visually show DoorDashing. Like a lot of it's I'm guessing like either B-roll from the past or yeah, like just you in the parking lot. So, I I think that's cool. Like you you kind of get the best of both worlds. Like you don't have to let's say like be probably I I'm guessing it's probably really difficult to try and be filming DoorDashing while you're DoorDashing all the time. >> That's true, too. Yeah, like especially cuz it's after work and it's at night and it's dark. And some of these houses
[30:10 | t=1810] don't have like the welcoming light. And so, you it's literally just a black it's just black, and it's just unusable footage that people would scroll on. So, I've also just stopped stopped recording it. >> This is something I noticed, too, is that I think you you said early on that you kind of phased out you language in the hook. But I'm noticing that in the middle of the video, it's still kind of like you still tie back to value. Like have a story, but it's not just a story. You subtly tie in what you learned and like a lesson to somebody who's going
[30:41 | t=1841] through something similar. Like what someone in a gambling addiction feels like and then kind of thinking about how to help them in that situation. Like very empathetic and like still thinking about how to I guess provide value, just not shoving it down their throat. Like using a story, using something that you're doing in your life as like a kind of a reason for them to pay attention and care. >> Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Like I feel like whenever I get advice, right? If someone leads with a dude, you should stop gambling. Like I would not listen I
[31:11 | t=1871] would have not listened to him. But if someone's like, "Yo, this is like how gambling affected my life." I'd be like, "Oh, shoot. Well, I don't want to turn out like you." Or something like that. Or like, "Oh, like I want to kind of like learn from their story. And I think that's what's really important is like having leading with the story before you get to like the lesson. Cuz I think that's a lot more relatable. >> That's awesome. And >> [clears throat] >> I think a lot of people This is what I hate about hearing like storytelling or like it value videos, right? These are like these two camps of content gurus online. But in reality, they they kind
[31:42 | t=1902] of need each other. You need a story to give for somebody to care enough to listen to your advice. But you also need some form of like value or advice to make the story feel like it kind of uh I guess hits home with the person. So it's like your your core idea, I think a lot of it seems to revolve around like a message that you want to leave people with. But you don't just have a message in isolation cuz then it feels like preaching. You also have a story to back up why they should listen to you and why
[32:14 | t=1934] this is coming from experience. >> Exactly. Exactly. Yep. >> That's awesome. That That That's a fire framework. Like lead with story, lead with proof, and then by the end subtly subtly weave in a takeaway. Not even just like Like I never feel like you're preaching in your videos at all. I never feel like you're telling me like >> That's good. Yeah. Yeah. Um and I mean I honestly have so much to thank to my girlfriend for that. Cuz she'll watch my videos or like she'll read the script um and then she'll be like, "You sound You
[32:44 | t=1964] sound like too much of a guru." Or like, "I You sound You sound slimy." And so I'll take that feedback and I'll be like, "Okay, what parts make me sound like a guru or what parts make me sound slimy?" And I'll just cut those out and then add something new. So. >> That's powerful. Uh cuz it's so easy. I struggle with this, too. It's like it's so easy to to just end up sounding like a guru. Yeah. And like it's it's hell repulsive. And from a consumer's perspective, I [ __ ] hate when people are like, "Here's the best method that you like scroll."
[33:14 | t=1994] >> Exactly. Exactly. So I think it's really important to have I mean, avoiding saying you. I think that's pretty important. I think having another like person to bounce ideas off of or having another person to who says or like to read over your scripts to make sure that they check for that. And honestly, you could probably run it through a Claude and being be like, "Make like set its personality or prompt it to be like, 'I hate being sold to. If there's any mention if I even get a inkling of being sold to, this is a bad script' or something like that." And you
[33:45 | t=2025] could probably prompt it that way to respond like that. Yeah, but that's a that's an untested idea. I've never done that, but that's something you could probably try and do. >> I mean, I like to act like you're a third grader. I think it's kind of correlated with giving advice. Like third graders also never like being told what to do. So if you tell somebody what to do, it's kind of bulletproof to act like you're a third grader. >> Yep. Yeah. >> Wow. I think that's beautiful how like at the end of the day, like your audience is old, right? A lot of these people are in relationships. They're probably mid-20s. And yet you're
[34:16 | t=2056] thinking about how to make it appeal to third graders. Kind of it's it's so telling. Like >> Yeah, yeah. I mean, there was a I don't know if Einstein said it or there's a quote that I always heard growing up and it was like, "Oh, if you can't explain it You can't explain to an idea an idea to a fifth grader, then you don't know it well enough. That's how That's always something that I've tried to do, no matter whether I'm at work or like even in college and stuff, too. >> I I have a more personal question. Um how do you balance having your content about your relationship, which
[34:46 | t=2086] I'm sure like, you know, there's things that it's not just the content doesn't just impact you, but it impacts your girlfriend and how she's perceived online and how she feels about the content. Like how do you balance being essentially very public and open about your relationship without letting it like kind of impact you guys? >> Yeah, yeah, that's that's a really good question. And so, my girlfriend, one of the things that she'll say jokingly is like like God put me in her life to challenge her because she hates the
[35:16 | t=2116] spotlight. Like she hates she's like 97% introverted. She hates attention. Like she hates that people like people know. She hates it when people just like look at her. And so, one of the things that we did um and that we can like been trying to communicate is like oh like set like boundaries on like what topics we're never going to talk about. All right, these are topics that we're not going to talk about. And then when it comes to like B-roll, like all the B-roll that I use is like is now like approved by her for like use. It's like okay like this
[35:46 | t=2146] is a video that's okay for me for you to use. Or I'll just ask her to like send me B-roll, too, that she's like comfortable with being shown. And she knows that like you know, hundreds of people will probably see this. Um and so, uh yeah, I just I just I just communicate um over communicate. I think just Yeah, she's just an amazing amazing girlfriend and an amazing person. And so, she's really patient with me and lets me lets me be crazy and post content like this. >> It's it's inspiring how also like
[36:18 | t=2178] collaborative it sounds like it is, like >> Yeah. >> Like this is something I I personally have struggled with, which is like it's so easy for for to get into this mode of like oh it's just about like the way I create content is just a very solo exercise. Like I'm not really thinking too hard about like it sounds I guess like you communicate so much about like not just what you like boundaries, but also like she's involved in helping you make the videos better. >> Yeah. >> So yeah, she's >> She's in every step of the way and even if like the idea even the ideas too, she'll help me come up with like some
[36:48 | t=2208] ideas or some stories too. And if I like if I'm like she'll always ask me every day like oh, what's the script? What's the script? Number one to like read it and like kind of kind of keep me accountable. All right, yeah, to read it and then also like give input, but number two to keep me accountable. Cuz she's she actually thought I paid like $5,000 for Content Academy. And I just I just paid it in full. Um instead of like I think it was like a thousand or like the the 500 or something like that. And so she was like, yo, if you're going to drop $5,000 on this instead of like instead of like, you know, saving it,
[37:19 | t=2239] like you better you better be posting. And so um yeah, she just she she runs I'm the face, but like honestly like it wouldn't be anywhere near as successful it was if it wasn't for her. >> Wow, that that's awesome. I I I see a a dope question here. Um Prosper asked like, what are the topics that you can't talk about? Like what are the boundaries that you guys have set together? >> Sure, sure. Yeah, so like intimate like details, specific details about like her family, like sex like sex life or like intimacy like that's also a no-no. I
[37:51 | t=2271] think I think those are the main two. And then everything else is kind of Oh, and then also like I don't want to I don't want to paint her in a negative light. Like that's the other thing too. That's the the big thing. And like any kind of problems or issues that we've had um I have wanted to be about myself. Like like the the problems or issues that I had in my relationship and learning, you know, cuz I mean technically she's she's my longest long-term relationship. And so I feel like I still have a lot of like growing and stuff to do. Any kind of issues or problems that we have like uh
[38:22 | t=2302] it's always from my perspective or my problems that I have. >> Have there ever been points where you like it's like you posted something and then she felt like, hey, like, I didn't appreciate how that like portrayed me or like were were there ever moments where that there was like conflict there or >> yeah, like certain bureau that I use, she's like, oh, like, you know, I don't like how that that bureau how I look in that bureau that like clip. And so, I won't include that anymore. Or even she'll even say like, oh, like, you've used that too much, find
[38:52 | t=2332] something else. >> [laughter] >> She'll be like, yo, this you've used this clip way too much. Stop stop lot relying on it. Go go do some go find another one. But yeah, I mean, when those situations happen, it's like, yeah, she I'm glad that she feels like safe and comfortable enough to tell me that she doesn't like that or she doesn't appreciate that. But in terms of like the overall video message, there's certain videos she's more of a fan of or less of a fan of, but she always watches the full video before I post it. And so, anything that she doesn't like gets changed.
[39:22 | t=2362] >> Wow. So, cuz this is at like you said you're posting at sometimes like 2:00 a.m. So, like, is she up to with you like after >> Yeah, she's a she's a night owl. So, it's a little she's more comfortable, I think, than I am. Like, by the time it hits like 2:00 a.m., I'm ready to fall asleep. But she'll she'll like doom scroll a little bit, too. I like she'll be playing Pikopia. I got her the Switch, too. So, she's been playing Pikopia a lot. >> That that's fire. Damn, that that's hella like W W relationship that cuz that's how you have
[39:53 | t=2393] >> Mhm. >> That's awesome. Yeah, I'd love to open up the the questions for for the chat as well, but I'll I'll start with this question from Sean. Are there times where you feel like the audience didn't notice that like {quote} one-line emphasis? Like, how do you make sure that it stands out that line stands out to the audience? >> Yeah, I mean, And happened a couple times. And I think when it gets missed, I think it just wasn't impactful enough. I got either like build it up more. And so
[40:23 | t=2423] I'll take that as like feedback as like oh like I got to maybe make the story a little bit more. Like I got to build up the story a little bit for that one-liner to be impactful. Or like sometimes I just have too many of them. Like Claude will throw in like two or three of them. And I'm like oh okay next time I got to remove some of these ones that I feel like stand out a little too much. So it all builds to that one um main line that I want people to to recognize. >> I I feel like from my observation too you emphasize it like the way you speak it out loud too is like maybe slightly slower. >> Yeah yeah slower and then I'll I'll
[40:54 | t=2454] always try and be closer to the camera. Like I'll make that the close shot. There's like a close middle far. So I'll usually start with like a farther away farther away shot. As I'm building I'll try and get to the like the middle. And then if I really want to emphasize it I'll do a close-up. And then I used to do like like another like kind of riser or like a boom like a cinematic boom sound effect. But to be honest I've just been so lazy. I just don't add it anymore. I just just do the close-up. >> That's fire. I yeah I I think too like
[41:25 | t=2485] the riser and then if you can time your music's like beat drop moment music shifts. >> Yep that's the other one too you can do. >> That's fire. Cuz I I feel like it is actually quite quite noticeable for your videos. And I think it's like a combination of all these small things. Next question from Ray. How do you make sure that the videos don't get too repetitive? >> I mean I think it's just changing up the one-liner. Like it could be about the same topic but the one-liner could be different. And so like I'm pretty sure I use like the the same idea of like our my cat's cat's vet bill.
[41:55 | t=2515] In one video I'll spin it into like me not wanting to go into debt. Another another video I'll spin it into like me that's the reason why that's like my previous experience Door Dashing. And so it's like just like slight changes that you can make. Like the less Like I feel like any experience you have in life, you could probably take away like five different lessons from it. And that's like five different videos that you can do. And then the other thing, too, is just like audience fatigue is real. Like people don't remember the same video or the same topic a lot of the times.
[42:26 | t=2546] And so, you might do it 1 month, and you could probably run it again another month. And like you don't have to be worried that your followers aren't going to recognize it, cuz a lot of the times your followers don't even see the video. And then new viewers are new viewers who've never heard the story. And so, I don't think that's something that you should be worried about. >> That's That's gold sauce right there. I feel like because it's so easy as the creator, cuz you see all your videos. You're not just watching it for your 30, 40 seconds. You're working on it for 4 hours. So, the time literally feels
[42:56 | t=2576] like, "Man, like this is so burned in my memory from last month. How could other people forget?" But for them, it could have been like 10 seconds on their feed. Randomly between scrolls, like >> Might not have even watched the full video or gotten to the point where you even bring up the story, too. It's like there's so many things that So many ways people can not see the video. >> Yeah. >> So, here's a Here's another question from Rich. Some say that you shouldn't be using I or me a lot because you're making it feel less relatable to the viewer and making it like too much about
[43:26 | t=2606] yourself. Um and that you should use like you more, so the viewer sees themself through your content. How do you distinguish when to use I and when to use you in your scripts? >> I'm like As a cop out, I'll say it depends. Uh but I think in general, like starting with I or me can be helpful when you're like trying to show something off kind of wholesome. You You kind of have to be on like the two extremes, right? There's like an Andrew Tate, where he went super viral being like, "I am him. Like I am that guy. Like I am like, you know,
[43:56 | t=2636] saying some like auto pocket stuff." And he went viral um that way. There's like Like Roy Lee is also like he's been going viral, too, being like, "Oh, like I um I did this or like I me and like those are like very like ego-driven. But then there's also like my side or the opposite side where I'll be like, oh, this is my relationship and this is like super wholesome. So, I feel like you got to kind of got to gauge where it is on the spectrum of like how polarizing it is. And I think the more polarizing it is, the more you can use I or me. And I think I think with yeah, I
[44:27 | t=2667] think that's that's when you should use I or me is when you have to show off something cool. And then for you, you can use you I think when it's not directly obvious that you're like trying to sell them something or like trying like give a lesson. I think like there has to be like some build-up for you to eventually use you or for you to eventually earn the right for it to talk to a viewer and you have to build that trust, I think. >> That's fire. Yeah, like the first video that you mentioned, right? You said the takeaway line was, she deserves more
[44:57 | t=2697] than my excuses. The takeaway line was still a me sentence rather than you deserve she deserves more than your excuses. That subtle difference could make you feel more like, man, why is this guy telling me what to do, bro? Like [ __ ] you, bro. >> Exactly, yeah. And I think I think the other thing too is like the the relatability factor. Like I I I try to like I imagine myself like, man, if I would if I looked like Prosper, would the series have done as well? Honestly, I don't think so. >> [laughter]
[45:27 | t=2727] >> Like if I was as if I was like if I looked better, like I don't think the series would have done well. >> [laughter] >> Like I was I was I was reflecting on that and I'm like, man, like part of like the unnatural advantage that I have is that like I have a baby face and I kind of just look like look like not threatening and I look more like cuter like wholesome or like younger. And like but if I looked like if I looked like too attractive or if I looked conventionally attractive, then
[45:58 | t=2758] I'd be like, yo, this guy is like kind of full of himself, you know? >> [laughter] >> And so, I feel like you kind of have to like, kind of have to be real with yourself and like, kind of kind of see where you fall. >> I think that I think is actually the difficult thing about storytelling is that you have to know what strengths that you can lean into, which requires you to really ask yourself like how are you being perceived? Cuz like, one person can play a personality online like the arrogant guy and it can work for their like Roy's a good example of
[46:29 | t=2789] like he plays more into like the Andrew Tate persona of like like yeah, like hate me. Make sure you hate me like really trying to rage bait that in cuz it's it's so easy to just be like, oh just tell your story. But the reality is that like a lot of people tell their story online and they don't get attention for it. And it's like, what is the small differences here that can make one video that's telling your story hit like 15 million, but then like another person whose script feels very similar or like they're doing all the same tricks like the same editing style, but
[47:00 | t=2820] it only gets 1,500 views. I think it's like knowing exactly what strengths that you can lean into and like knowing how somebody would react to your story. Like would they react with like a oh, this person's an underdog? Would they react with being rage baited and disliking you? Like even knowing that really weird perception, I think. Cuz you played into that so well of like I I feel like you do play the underdog. Yeah, it it's like relatable. I think a lot of the times when you use
[47:31 | t=2851] stories, it feels very vulnerable. Like I can't do this or I struggled with this and I think that's also just like a really subtle way where you can talk about yourself, but it doesn't feel, I guess, boring and it doesn't feel random. It feels like it still provides value to hear your story because I think also like your ability to cover topics that most people probably would be too scared to say. Like I can't afford to propose is such a vulnerable thing that I think probably hits so many people.
[48:01 | t=2881] Like, yeah, that's like >> Yeah. >> That's low-key me, but I would never say that. >> Mhm. Yeah, I know. That's a good point, too. I think uh yeah, some some other like uh content coach uh she said the same thing of like, "Oh, this is like extreme vulnerability hook." And then like that's that's why it did so well, too. >> The extreme This is an extreme vulnerability hook. >> [laughter] >> Yeah, yeah. >> That's fire. Um I I don't want to take up too much of your time. I think this is a great place to finish off here. >> Okay. >> How are you monetizing or how do you
[48:32 | t=2912] plan to monetize and what are your plans for the future with your content after you get the ring? >> Yeah, yeah. So, I think uh for monetizing, there's like kind of two main ways, three main ways that I think I eventually want to go about. Uh first one is eventually doing a brand deal. And so, I do want to do a brand deal with either like, you know, DoorDash, Uber Eats, one of those. I mean, I haven't signed anything. I'll just say it. Like, I hate DoorDash. Like, DoorDash sucks. Like,
[49:03 | t=2943] like I want to Yeah, like the the video that I do, like I'm like I also signed with a talent management agency. Uh so, they could kind of cuz a lot of these brands don't take me seriously. Yeah, I want to do like a Uber I want to partner with Uber Eats, do like a pretty big brand deal there. And then the video for that is going to be like uh I broke up. And then it's going to be like, "Not with my girlfriend, but with DoorDash." Uh yeah, and yeah. And so, that's >> [laughter] >> Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I was trying to pitch to them. So, yeah, brand deals. And then
[49:33 | t=2973] obviously, uh there's like The Knot that fits pretty well into like, "Oh, what's next after a proposal?" It's a wedding. Wedding planning. I'll probably do a series about that and try and partner with The Knot. I think those are the main two that I had. So, I would kind of want to be like some kind of partner or get like a pretty Hope my talent agency negotiates a pretty fat deal. And then the second way is I'm thinking of doing kind of like relationship coaching cuz I've gotten a few quite a few people asking for advice. And so, now that's kind of where my content is doing for at least for this chapter is like more
[50:05 | t=3005] storytelling, giving advice, um and eventually uh kind of launch that when I after I propose. And then, the third way is also doing YouTube. I think YouTube is probably YouTube or some kind of live streaming. I think that's like the future, you know? And so, um >> go subscribe to his YouTube right now. >> Um yeah, so some kind of long-form video, I think uh that way you can gain more trust and actually have like like true fans of like kind of what you're doing.
[50:35 | t=3035] Like I don't want to be pigeonholed into always having to be like the storytelling guy. Like I would like people to be invested in like me doing a me doing like dates with my girlfriend or me doing like me talking about like, you know, my finances or something like that or just have like different kind of like offshoots. And so, um YouTube and I think long-form is probably the best way to get the trust of the audience. So, those are like the three ways. It's like brand deals, coaching, and then eventually YouTube, and continuously like uh having that flexibility to either launch
[51:06 | t=3066] physical product, keep doing coaching, double down on that, or or just like just be like a streamer. Be like Jason the Ween or something like that. So. >> That's fire. Are Are there any creators that you look up to the way they built their brand? You kind of use them as like a like oh, I wanted to do what like Steps Lee did. >> I mean I mean your brand for one. Like I watched you during COVID >> [laughter] >> when you were doing the entertainment um all the entertaining uh content. I think it's Ryan Trahan. Um that's another one that I've been watching a lot. I'm trying to
[51:38 | t=3098] um see if I could do something like him. And then, Prosper when it comes to like relationship coaching, I've been watching him a lot. Oh, Ali Abdaal's another one, too. Ali Abdaal. He's the lifestyle business. I've been watching his YouTube a lot. >> That's fire. I I think like using long-form creators cuz one like most long-form creators have been in the game for significantly longer than any short-form creators, but also like they're usually the ones that have like taken it to the next level in terms of not just virality, but also depth. Their audience like connection. So, I think it's great that you bring up like Ryan
[52:08 | t=3128] Trahan, Ali Abdaal cuz I think they've built such such deep audiences, too. Yeah, and and also buy their products. >> Yeah, and I think Logan Paul's a little too controversial for me. Like I feel like I I don't think I could say some of the stuff that he says or do some of the stuff that he does. And I mean, I don't even look like him, too. So. >> No, but I I think Ryan Trahan's a great example. I saw a video of him recently talking about it. It was actually about his like Christian testimony, but he's physically said like there was a time when he used to do controversial content and it got a lot of views cuz he would do like controversial not like hit
[52:38 | t=3158] pieces, but one of those like commentary channels like kind of roasting other creators. And then he said the pivot was difficult because it was like he got all these views through kind of being like a roast creator and he wanted to he felt called to do more like family-friendly stuff. As a result, long-term it paid off like super duper well and he found a way to to make it work to get way more views with still like a very wholesome brand. So. >> Yeah, yeah. For sure. Yeah, I mean, that's that's what I'm hoping to do. So. >> That's awesome. Okay. Thank you guys so
[53:09 | t=3189] much for for tuning in as well and asking your questions. And dude, everyone please drop drop a huge W to Brad in the in the chat for for dropping this much sauce, taking time out of his day as well. You have a hell of a busy schedule. You still have the Door Dashing and obviously the the videos to make. So, thank you so much for for coming on right literally right after work. >> Yeah, yeah. And like if there's any other questions like I still I still lurk in like the the Discord here and there. And
[53:39 | t=3219] you want to like DM me on Instagram, I can probably try and answer, too. Or we could like hop on a call. I don't know. We'll see what my schedule what my girlfriend will allow for my schedule. >> Yo, one more round of W's in the chat. >> Dude, bro, thank you so much. >> Also, for anybody who's watching, cuz I'm going to I'm going to put this on YouTube. I'm going to leave Brad's channel linked in the description. Go sub up. He's about to drop some drop some banger content on YouTube as well very soon. >> Yes, sir. Yes, sir. >> And yeah, I mean, like personally Brad, like, you know, if there's any other questions that come up like with anything, you know, you feel free to let
[54:09 | t=3249] me know. >> I appreciate this so much. >> Yeah, of course. No, thanks for letting me join and like no, it's super cool to super cool to get back. >> Awesome. Now, before we end this video, I do want to make it very clear if you are serious about growing your personal brand, Brad's results are an anomaly. He has been the biggest case study, the best like literally he speed ran 100k followers in a week. And I don't want you to go into content creation expecting this. I want you to set realistic expectations. Because one of the hardest things when you're starting
[54:39 | t=3279] your personal brand is not necessarily just the strategy and the scripting, but it's staying accountable and it's making sure that you feel supported in this journey that's largely alone. Where most people in your life, like your friends, your family, my parents, don't understand. So, that's why I built Content Academy. The same exact community actually that Brad went through, attended all the coaching calls in, got his videos individually coached and given feedback on. I literally remember reviewing his day one video of his series that got 10 million views and giving it advice on how to actually go
[55:11 | t=3311] about the rest of the series, cuz I remember I saw so much potential. But don't take it from me. Take it from Brad himself actually, who made this very heartwarming video about his experience in Content Academy. >> Hey, my name's Bradley or Brad J Chow on YouTube, Instagram, and TikTok. I just want to talk a little bit about my experience working with Mino and joining the Content Academy. So, prior to joining the Content Academy, I had uploaded maybe eight videos. They They all like cat videos or videos about my cat. I think I had like 100 followers on TikTok, maybe 20 on Instagram, and then
[55:42 | t=3342] like five subscribers on YouTube. And so really I think my biggest problem is I didn't know how to record good video content or good footage to use in my videos. I didn't know how to edit the video and structure and even just how to script out a video and just put together a video that people want to watch. I didn't know how to film, edit, script. I didn't even know how to do any of that. So I started as a complete beginner. So I joined Content Academy in September of 2025. And after joining the Content Academy, the coaches and some of the friends and the community really helped
[56:12 | t=3372] me stay accountable. And so in three months, in December of 2025, I had my first viral video. I went from 170 followers on TikTok, maybe 23 followers on Instagram, five on YouTube, to now 400 over 450k on TikTok, over like 400k, I think I'm at 414k on Instagram, and then 40k on YouTube. And so all of this is thanks to the help of the coaches inside Content Academy. They do a really good job of coming up with helping you come up with good ideas or things that
[56:43 | t=3403] are going on in your life, how to make it so that the hook grabs attention, and that the content itself is actually something that is interesting and makes people want to watch it. And so they'll give a lot of direct feedback, especially on your videos. And also the community itself is really helpful in making some friend making friends who are also creating content and also keeping you accountable. And so everyone, all the coaches, everyone in the community really helped me figure out what to post and then package it not only to go viral, but also convert the views into followers as well. If you're thinking about joining the Content Academy, I wouldn't hesitate. It was
[57:14 | t=3434] well worth the investment as well. If you have any questions, I loved my time working in Content Academy. Feel free to give me a DM. And yeah, hope you have a good one. So if you're interested, I'm going to leave the first link in the description to join our paid community Content Academy. If you're serious about growing your personal brand, I'll see you inside. Peace.
