# s064  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uESxPOKKzmo)

[0:00 | t=0] The hook is the first 3 seconds of your video, and it's the make or break moment whether your video gets 300 views or it gets a million. And I have studied hundreds of hooks because I've literally posted over 2,000 videos growing these four accounts. And today I want to walk you guys through the four levels of viral hooks all the way from 300 view jail trash hooks all the way to 1 million plus view hooks that also attract your true fans. So let's jump into it. First off, if you are stuck in 300 view jail, it's because your hook is absolutely trash and you're probably
[0:30 | t=30] doing one of two things. You're either asking ChatGPT or AI to write your hooks for you, and it just sounds like the most bland, robotic, non-value additive stuff ever. Or you're trying to be too original to the point where you're just being your authentic true self, but what ends up happening in reality is that your videos are just boring in the first 5 seconds. They convey no value. They convey no potential demand. Most importantly, they're not shocking or novel in any way. At this If you're at this point, you probably just don't even understand hooks, and that's fine. So
[1:00 | t=60] here are the common mistakes I see, and this is coming from a person who's literally studied now thousands of hooks because my community Content Academy literally has over 900 members, okay? And these are all the people that I've helped get to over 10K followers. You lack keywords. You have no particular niche that you're targeting. You have no clarity on who your viewer is, so it just feels like it's meandering and pandering. You start off way too slow. You literally just talk You're not talking fast enough. Your lighting is bad. You don't even have a front-facing light in front of you that's making your
[1:30 | t=90] face contrasted from the background. You don't have any captions or text on the screen, so there's nothing for your viewer to be captivated by in the first 3 seconds where they're making a subconscious judgment about you and whether you are worth their time. Your audio quality is awful, or it's way too quiet, or your music is way too loud, and your audio just of your voice is just not there. Okay, I'm done roasting you guys. Let's move on to chapter two, where you start to become a beginner. It's like when
[2:00 | t=120] Minecraft when you're just dropped onto the board and you start to learn how viral hooks works by copying. In order to make hooks like Beethoven, you must first walk. So, let's walk first and let's crawl by learning how to copy videos bar for bar. So, first thing you have to understand is what niche and format you are targeting. Niches can be any of these things. They're subtopics that exist and if you have no [ __ ] clue what your niche is or you've been sci-op'd by this idea that you can just become the niche and talk about whatever the [ __ ] you want, literally go onto
[2:31 | t=151] YouTube, go to your homepage, and just see what you enjoy. You're probably actually going to see like two or three niches that you like. For example, for me, productivity, creative potential, right? Studying, business, content creation. Wow, big whoop. Of course, my 40-page and my homepage literally looks like that. So, if you're not sure, just do that. Secondly, the format. Now, in order to understand what formats even exist, you probably should scroll TikTok or Instagram just a little bit so you understand what formats exist, but
[3:01 | t=181] there's generally three styles of content that exist. There's three purposes that content can serve and you kind of have to know which one you're targeting. Are you trying to educate people? Are you trying to teach them and get them to an outcome? Are you trying to inspire them and show people or maybe tell your story in order to inspire them to take action in order to get an outcome? Or are you just purely trying to entertain people, make them laugh, give them a dopamine hit, right? I used to make comedy content on this account with uh 800,000 followers. However, now I make more inspirational or educational content on this account with vlogs and
[3:31 | t=211] talking head educational stuff on how to grow with content creation. So, you have to understand which one of these are you choosing and you kind of just have to choose one. Then, task number two is to go onto your For You page, go onto Instagram or TikTok, and identify three of your favorite creators who match the niche and the style of content, whether it's educational, inspirational, or entertainment, that you're trying to go for. And list out those three and then literally just go to their page. So, I'm in the education and inspiration niche just like this creator, Shelby Sapp. So,
[4:02 | t=242] what am I going to do? I'm literally going to go through her page and look for educational or more inspirational type of videos and just copy her hook bar for bar, word for word, write it down on a Google Doc. So, let's say this hook right here, six sales objections in 60 seconds. I'm not going to play the audio for you guys, but it's literally just six sales objections in 60 seconds. So, what am I going to do? I'm literally going to go into my doc and I'm just going to write down six sales objections in 60 seconds. Now, if I was an actual
[4:32 | t=272] gooner, I would probably just straight up steal this hook. But at the very least, I know what my niche is and my niche is in content creation and content creation advice. So, what am I going to do? I'm going to replace the keywords in this that are niche specific to sales for Shelby Sapp and I'm I'm just going to change it to something that's relevant like six viral hooks in 60 seconds. That video itself probably would do very well. And I'm going to copy as well the visual format, right? And you could even take a screenshot here. I actually recommend it just to really make this as easy as possible and
[5:03 | t=303] kind of just break down all of these specific things that she's doing, right? So, she's filming in the car. So, I'm going to probably go in my car, right? Next one, six sales objections in 60 seconds. What am I going to do? I'm going to put text above my head with the classic TikTok font with the little white text with the black border around it and I'm just going to make six viral hooks in 60 seconds, right? And let's see the actual words that she's saying at the beginning of this video. So, she says, "F it, I'm going to roll six sales
[5:34 | t=334] objections in the next 60 seconds, right? F it, I'm going to roll six sales objections in the next 60 seconds." Now, I know you're probably thinking, "Oh, Mino, it can't be that easy." or "Oh, Meno, I'm not going to copy people. I'm going to be original." Yeah, okay, go for it. All I know is that after coaching hundreds of people, in order for them to get their first viral video that even breaks past, let's say, 10K views, it's almost always been by
[6:04 | t=364] studying what works and then taking about 80% of what another creator did and just changing the words to apply to your story or your niche. So, in this case, I'm taking somebody in a tangential niche, right? Cuz sales and content creation, they're both in this similar space of making money online and business, right? And I'm just changing one word in the hook, or two words, actually, right? And that's all I'm doing. And then for the rest of the video, I'm just going to see how she structured it. It's a listical-style video, right? What does that mean? I'm probably just going to make a list of six viral hooks, like, is it possible to
[6:37 | t=397] blah blah blah, like, six blank in 60 seconds, right? And I can just make this video script up now, right? But that's literally the style of video that I want to go for, but I'm not going to try and reinvent the wheel, cuz imagine if I just started to throw in random words, trying to be overly original, like most of you guys might be wanting to do. I might just throw in a bunch of sentences here. [ __ ] it, I'm going to roll six viral hooks in the next 60 seconds. But instead of going straight into the value of point number one, imagine if I just started riffing about like, "Guys, so
[7:08 | t=428] I'm in the car right now. I'm drinking my Red Bull, right? And today, I'm so excited to share these six six viral hooks, because I've been posting for a while, and these ones really made me start to pop." You'd probably watch and be like, "Bro, GET TO POINT NUMBER ONE." RIGHT? And it's the same thing that's probably happening. You don't realize it because you don't have an intuitive sense yet of the first principles of what ga- gathers and garners attention on social media. So, you just need to copy other people who've already gone viral. Steal their secret sauce. Steal the structure of the
[7:38 | t=458] video. Steal their pacing. Steal the ga- You you mean the cadence of their voice. Right? If you haven't found your creator voice yet, because that takes a ton of time and practice, just see who you really like and resonate with online, and just make videos like that. The people who inspire you. You don't want to reinvent the wheel because honestly, that just creates more room for chaos and entropy where you're probably going to mess up because you don't know what you're doing yet, and that's completely fine. That's my entire strategy for YouTube. I'll be honest cuz I only have 28K subscribers right now. I am not going to try and reinvent the reinvent
[8:08 | t=488] the wheel. I'm literally just going to do the same hook and then listicle style of format where I'm not going to riff off about my own personal story in the first 30 seconds, and I'm going to make sure that the in the first 30 seconds of my YouTube video, I am getting into point number one, which is trash. I literally did that, and I copied that structure from my favorite YouTubers, Alex and Mozie, Iman Gadzhi, etc., right? So, that's what I want you to do as a beginner, right? And that's how to even get your first 5K views, but even copying, twisting this can get you all the way to your first 10K views. So,
[8:38 | t=518] let's talk about it. How do you go from this copy and paste where you're always needing to in a sense be given a fish by the algorithm in order to eat? Cuz eventually, you want to be authentic. Eventually, you want to express yourself in your most authentic way where you're being honest to yourself. You're not confined by these rules of other people. Well, I call it these oiken twists, and this is where not only are we going to start to add a little bit more of a twist of our own style of content, our own voice. In order to do that, you still need to understand content and hooks from first principles. So, this is
[9:09 | t=549] where I want you to start thinking through and developing a first principles understanding once you've already learned, however, to copy and get your first 10K views. Because getting your first 10K views, being stuck in that sub 1K view jail on short form platforms like TikTok or Instagram, it's freaking grueling, bro. And I don't want you to be stuck there because you're going in circles trying to reinvent the wheel, trying to reject everything that you're seeing on the For You page because I don't like the way they make their content. I don't like that video. I'm never going to copy anybody else because I want to be original. I want to be a special
[9:39 | t=579] snowflake who goes viral just by dancing on camera, being myself. Yeah, I'm sorry. The way that the algorithm works and pushes your video out is Instagram and TikTok, they sample your video to the first 300, 500 views, how many viewers you're stuck at. And if it doesn't get sufficient watch time, if your video gets scrolled off in the first 3 seconds, aka skip rate too many times, or it just doesn't get enough likes or comments from these base test sample group of people, your video's not going to get pushed out anymore. So, you need to understand then the core psychology of what drives generally most
[10:09 | t=609] people's behavior on social media. And after making hundreds and hundreds of videos and hundreds and hundreds of hooks, flopping hundreds of times, and going viral my fair share of over 100 plus videos over a million views, I have three core principles that I want you to understand here. The first one is demand, the second one's value per second, and the third one is social proof. So, the first one, demand. I kind of touch upon this here in this concept of copying because in order to understand what demand exists out there on social media, the best way to honestly understand this is just by doing research, market research, aka
[10:40 | t=640] scrolling on your For You page, scrolling on the explore page, and seeing which videos get over 5K likes or over 100K views. That's my barometer for a video that I believe has done well. I recommend you just take that as the key performance indicator of whether a video is good enough for you to copy. 5K plus likes on your For You page. I do not want you to be copying. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't want you to be copying videos that are sitting at 400, 500 views. Even if it's too early on to know if that video's going to eventually go viral, it's just not the best data. You want to just be using proven data. Like, look how many likes this video has, 100K
[11:11 | t=671] likes. Clearly, this video hit with these strangers who are sampled the video, and they giga engaged. That's what you want, right? You want to see and study and build a mental model of how to think like that, not think like the 500 view, 1,000 view creator. And the best way to gauge that is by studying what already gets demand on social media, aka researching. I'm going to give you guys one more method of research here for short form. This is actually a kind of OP way that I do research. I like to go and study what's
[11:42 | t=702] working on other platforms because I believe TikTok and Instagram generally trail Twitter and YouTube in terms of the trending topic. So let's say a concept trends on Twitter or on YouTube, you'll probably see it trending about a week to a month later on TikTok and Instagram. So the best way to get good signal is just study what works on YouTube. That's what I do. I look literally look up my niche or keywords within my niche like content creation, personal branding, and then look for the videos that are outliers. So this is one of the platforms, oneof10.com. I'm not sponsored whatsoever, and I just look at
[12:12 | t=732] the videos that have gotten at least 1.3x more views than the creator's average views for their channel. Then I look at videos published in the last 6 months, and then I look at anything above 45k views cuz I don't want to be studying outliers from a channel that averages 200 views and got 1,000 views. Oh yeah, no, that's not really an outlier. ammo. How to make millions from content. Content masterclass. Yo, I'm sorry. I hate to break it to you. I studied 1,000 hooks, here's how to actually go viral. I just studied that because I wouldn't even trust my own
[12:42 | t=762] intuitive mental model what works on YouTube right now. I would say I'm still in step stage two and three of YouTube. Put down your pride a little bit and see what has demand already on social media and just literally rip the hooks. Rip either bar for bar the hooks or rip whatever sentence structure they use. So you could easily just take the sentence structure. This clearly this structure conveys a lot of value. I studied blank, here's how to actually outcome. So you can apply that to for example, I studied 1,000 fitness creators, here's how to actually build muscle. That's guys,
[13:12 | t=792] that's another example. I studied 1,000 papers, here's how to actually build muscle. Here's how to actually lose weight. Here's how to actually body recomp. That's a fitness niche example cuz your boy watches a ton of fitness. Okay, damn, that did not look as impressive as I thought it would. Okay, we might need to cut that editor. Stop, sir. No, I said I'm >> Well, STOP SAYING IT. NEXT, WHAT IS VALUE per second? What does this mean? There's two components to this. The first one is how much value per second you convey in your first 3 seconds. AKA, how much value that you're alluding or
[13:44 | t=824] hinting that your video is going to get into. So, for example, the six sales objections in 60 seconds. One lower value per second version of this hook could easily be three sales objections in 60 seconds, right? Isn't as high, so I'm watching that my dopamine is probably not spiking as much with the excitement of getting to learn, right? Or maybe it's two, that's even worse. Another one is six sales objections without the in 60 seconds. Why is that worse? Well, because there's two things we're gauging for when we stop when we scroll social media, right? As viewers, as consumers, and these are the two
[14:15 | t=855] things that people are going to gauge your video subconsciously on when they stumble across it on the For You page. Is this going to be valuable, and how much time is this going to take me? So, the longer that your video is, the less likely that somebody's actually going to want to watch it, and the more value you have to give. So, if I'm making a 10-minute video, I best hope that it's going to convey a ton of value. I've created this gap between what I know and what you know as a viewer, and I've made that gap feel as large as possible, so it's justifiable for you to invest 10
[14:46 | t=886] minutes of your time, right? But in short form, even 60 seconds is actually a very long video. And the second component of value per second is how much value you're actually able to give within the first 3 to 10 seconds of your video. So, I'm going to extend this part to the first 10 seconds of your video because it's realistically hard to like give somebody a novel nugget of information in the first three. You want to get to the point as soon as you possibly can. There's a lot of It's very easy for us to leave in fluff about our personal story. Why am I making this video? What am I trying to convey to the
[15:16 | t=916] viewer by teaching you about hooks in this video? And I make a very intentional choice in all of my viral videos to try and get to the first piece of valuable information within the first 5 to 10 seconds. If I'm making a storytelling or challenge video, is it possible to ace an exam after studying for just 1 hour? It's a challenge video. Well, actually finish the studying process within the first 15 seconds of that video that got 12 million views on TikTok. AKA, what I'm trying to convey with this is just move your video and progress it as quickly as possible. Be
[15:46 | t=946] more vigilant towards the fluff, towards the dead space, any 1 to 2 second parts that you're not speaking the video, that's where you have to go in and edit it out. Any sentences that you don't think are relevant to the main point and the main value that your hook is alluding to. So, in the example of is it possible to ace my exam after studying for just 1 hour? There are moments where I talk about how much energy drink I consumed, how I'm feeling about the energy drink. I talked literally about this one sentence where I rambled about how I got onto the news on Business
[16:17 | t=977] Insider for overdosing on caffeine, but I actually cut it out in my edit because I knew, "Okay, this has nothing to do with the midterm. It's kind of interesting, but it ultimately has nothing to do with the studying." So, understand what is the point of your video. Why is somebody going to watch past the first 3 seconds? There's clearly a core reason, and it comes back to what are you teaching them if you're educating, what outcome are they trying to get, and what outcome are they wanting if you're trying to inspire people, or where the main beats, the jokes, the interesting, shocking moments in an entertaining video. For example,
[16:48 | t=1008] if I'm a streamer and I'm clipping my streams, I'm probably going to try and make sure every 3 seconds there's something shocking going on. I'm doing some crazy facial expression. There's some crazy fan interaction, public interaction going on, and I'm cutting out all the bits where I'm just walking. Last one is social proof, and this specifically applies to educational and inspirational videos. Why? Because educational and inspirational videos are helping somebody get to an outcome by watching your video. If somebody's going to get to an outcome by watching your video, the clear question is are you qualified to help them get to the
[17:18 | t=1038] outcomes? If you notice, I just hard injected, like I was not subtle about this [ __ ] I just hard injected social proof. I've gotten these results, okay? It's a little corny, but at the end of the day, you probably would not be watching if I had never grown a single account before. So, you probably have some experience, and even if you're younger, right? Because I know a lot of my audience here, you guys are probably like in college. Maybe some people are even in high school, and you feel like you've done nothing of merit in your life. Two things I want to say. First off is that you are always an expert to somebody else. When I was 19 years old,
[17:50 | t=1070] I took a gap year to try and learn this online business thing. I used to make productivity content despite being a 19-year-old who had not even hit like a $5,000 a month online before talking about some productivity. I had never even gotten straight A's in school, so why did I feel qualified enough to make productivity how-to videos that got me 100k followers in 1 month on TikTok? I talked not to the other smart kids, I talked to my former self from 3 years ago in high school when I had hideous addictions to gooning, to video games,
[18:21 | t=1101] to staying up until 3:00 a.m. writing down goals that I never executed on. I spoke to that version of my former self, and because I was so clear on who I was helping, I knew that I was qualified enough to talk to them. So, the way I developed this social proof, right? Of why should I listen to you, I would always start off the videos in the second sentence by saying, "I know you're probably thinking." And that's a subtle way for me to communicate that I understand what the viewer is thinking. And when you can make the viewer feel heard and understood, it's a form of proof of why they should listen to you.
[18:52 | t=1132] So, another form of social proof is actually relatability. Sometimes people don't go viral for saying, "I made a million dollars in 3 years," or "I got these big muscles. Here's how to listen to me." Honestly, those are kind of corny and probably won't get as many views as you telling a storytelling hook of like 3 years ago I was in the most hideous hinge addiction of my life swiping for 5 hours every day just to get a hint of emotional validation. That's actually a proper hook. Now, in no way did I convey that I am some dating expert in that hook. But, what I
[19:22 | t=1162] did convey is that I understand deeply somebody else's pain points. So, there's probably somebody else out there who watched that video being like, "Damn, I just literally just got off a a Hinge session, and then I low-key gooned a little bit, and then now my dopamine is like giga below baseline, and now I need to scroll some reels to up my dopamine levels." Yo, if that was you, leave a like on this video, okay? Damn, that's Yo, if that's you, oh man, damn, you're
[19:53 | t=1193] cooked. No, I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I literally go on such ADHD tangents sometimes. Make your viewer feel heard. There are multiple reasons why somebody else will watch you, and there's for sure at least one person out there that would value your advice, value your story, value your take. And you have to understand this, not just believe it, understand it, because even if you're an 18-year-old, there's probably a 16-year-old who wants to learn the lessons you've learned of turning 18. That's why a lot of these day in the life of a 25-year-old, day in the life
[20:23 | t=1223] of a college student studying for medical school, day in the life of a dental student. These do well because there's somebody in college who wants to learn what medical school is like, or there's somebody in high school who wants to learn what college is like. Always remember that. And even though it might be cringe to your fellow college students being like, "Yo, why is Mino making productivity advice even though he's a [ __ ] loser gooner?" Well, it's because I knew there was a deeper loser gooner version of myself back in high school who needed to hear what I had to say. ISN'T THAT FAR? Kind of leans in my
[20:53 | t=1253] final point of how to actually develop confidence in yourself as a creator to the point where you actually can just be magnetic as a personality. And that's what I believe is a special trait that helps people ascend to a higher level of creator where they can just be magnetic on camera, where you have an audience of true fans, where you're somebody's favorite creator, their comfort creator. How do we do that? Well, once we've understood these core principles of, okay, copy a winning framework that I see on the For You page, then I think deeply about who is this video serving?
[21:23 | t=1283] What is the point of somebody watching this video? What are they wanting to get out of that? And how do I make sure that I'm cutting out every part that's not related to this goal of the video? And then lastly, how do I make it so people want to listen to me for this video and make sure that the viewer feels like I am actually worth listening to for this topic, whether it's making them feel heard or related to or establishing your authority early on in the video. Then, how do you ascend from that to just becoming magnetic, attracting true fans,
[21:53 | t=1313] right? And I call this the S-curve, the giga hook. And now I'm going to genuinely just get a little bit [ __ ] esoteric because if you're watching here and you're trying to consistently hit a million plus views, at this point you probably understand all of these retention hacking mechanisms, right? If you watch my channel, it's because you're probably low-key autistically obsessed with these little micro-optimizations of your content. And as somebody who's literally been posting for the past six years on short-form, there's a point where micro-optimizations and trying to think overly tactically and logically about
[22:23 | t=1343] your content will actually fall flat. And I actually think it's right around this like 100k view range where you can you can't just gimmick with the Subway Surfers on your screen, you know? You can't just gimmick with the hooky hook or taking somebody else's winning hook. It's like, at a certain point it's People are now making subconscious judgments on how much charisma you have, how much energy you have, whether your tonality is actually good and authentic, and whether your text hook hits them in a certain way that makes them feel super heard and uniquely heard, and whether your content feels like you're being
[22:53 | t=1373] present, whether you show empathy, and you make somebody be like, "Damn, I feel really understood and I feel like this creator is very unique." How do you get to that point? And I'm actually at the point where I still consciously think about this because I don't think I'm there yet. I say this because I study and I've talked to much of creators who have millions of followers, who have super fans. One of my friends, let me actually shout him out here cuz I'm a gigachad blazer, okay? This guy's name is Justin Han and he just literally makes talking head videos. Often times, he's just like yapping to the camera or
[23:23 | t=1403] he's just making a funny odd video, okay? I find this guy giga talented and his personal brand feels really unique. Holy glit- Bro, I'm literally bouncing on it. Bro, I I know one of my one of our friends probably watching this be like, "Yo, holy bouncing on it." But, I've literally gone to the mall with him in California. Bro, I [ __ ] you not. This dude got approached by like 35 people wanting to take pictures with him. That level of influence and dare I say it, aura, I don't think you build just by being the type of person who's always
[23:53 | t=1433] copying and scraping for the next hook, okay? That's essential. You need to understand the psychology of why somebody else will watch you. But, how do you get to the point where you genuinely just feel like you show up with energy and charisma and confidence as a creator? Where you genuinely just feel like, "Yeah, like people like me for me." And that's what we all want at the end of the day, right? Yes, we want a business that can run and thrive off of our content. We want a way to monetize so we can do this full-time cuz we like creating stuff. But, how do we get to the point where it's just, "Yo, I feel like our con- like my content just exudes uniqueness." And I'd like you to understand this concept of energy when
[24:23 | t=1463] you show up with your content. Because for the longest time, I felt like the next winning hook and people watching my content was always a skill that was outside of myself. What I mean by that was that that's the reason why I developed all these cope tactics like copying viral video bar for bar, studying someone else's content, trying to think from all of these logical first principle reasons why somebody will watch me rather than just showing up as myself. Because I was subconsciously afraid of being seen for myself and I was honestly freaking scared that people just would not want to actually watch
[24:54 | t=1494] me. Like I need to edit fraud. I need to text hook fraud. I need to, you know, script fraud. I can never just show up and yap and be the type of person that people want to listen to, all right? A lot of people call this imposter syndrome, but I actually think there is a skill to showing up with a level of energy and presence and flow. And this is coming from somebody who studied true influencers, true creators. And a lot of them that I talked to who genuinely rip consistent milli plus view hooks every single time, and they don't feel like they even follow some sort of concrete
[25:24 | t=1524] structure. They usually say that their creative process with content is super intuitive. Like, yeah, I just make it when I feel like making it. I don't have some planned strategy or some like content pillars that I follow. And it's fair. You you might think like, damn, bro, these [ __ ] are lucky. And maybe they are, but maybe they also have some inherent deep faith that they're worth listening to to the point where their energy exudes on camera. Like, think about the people that you kind of walk into a room, and you might only know like one or two kids who are like this where you're just like, damn. You
[25:54 | t=1554] walk into a room, and they're magnetic. They effortlessly pull attention. They're not loud and in your face being like, "Yo, listen to me, guys. Listen, listen." Like, it's confidence, right? And I like to study the creators who I feel genuinely inspire me. I genuinely look up to. Not the type of business creators whose entire content is scripted by their content team, whose team uses some amalgamation of market research and Claude, and you can kind of hear the the Claude in their voice where they're like, "That's not this. It's this." And honestly, you're real for
[26:25 | t=1585] that. Like, you know the [ __ ] you hear like nowadays actually incredibly often on these like documentary channels on YouTube who clearly use AI, okay? I'm not naming names, but there's a ton of them. And there's a ton of business creators who do this, too, and it's obnoxious as [ __ ] But these true creatives that I know is that they don't strategize. They actually just show up on camera, and they're able to with their raw skill of being an entertaining and attractive personality just garner attention. And I genuinely have autistically studied them because I'm like, yeah, I gotten to the point where I feel like I can logically break down and rip apart a script in the
[26:57 | t=1617] most anal way. Yo, keep a pause. Where I'm just like, I'm literally going literally meticulously changing each word, tweaking it to the point where each word has its like keyword value, etc., etc., etc. But it's lame, okay? And at a certain point, some people plop down a camera. I've seen kids like Like when I first met this dude Justin, he literally plopped down a camera, right, and just started speaking to the camera. No script, no prep. May- maybe he thought of it a little bit in his head. And boom, I saw that video get 5 million views. I saw that and I was
[27:27 | t=1647] like, what am I doing with my life? What am I doing studying market researching, bro? I'm a loser. This is pathetic. Okay, but in a really inspiring way. And I think these true creatives also just create what they want, not just what the market needs. They're probably still conscious of what the market needs and what people find interesting about themselves, because they also have a level of self-awareness. But at the end of the day, they also just create what they want, and they like showing up to create. And I think that's actually a necessary tenant. Now, I'm not going to sit here and be like, yo, I am the
[27:58 | t=1678] gigachad creator. Like, I am him, okay? But I've studied, I've met tons and tons of creators, because, you know, I At the end of the day, once you start growing a following, you will start to become connected with like larger creators. And I believe it's a power I've tapped into a few times where I've genuinely just plopped down the camera. I felt it, the flow and intuition, and showed up and got like 2 million views. But not only that, the content felt like it resonated, where I spoke to the camera, and people in the comments were like, "Dude, you spoke to my freaking soul. How do you make videos like that? And how do you do it in a consistent manner?" I believe, "How do you do that?" Because it's [ __ ] difficult
[28:28 | t=1708] sometimes, right? It's true novel authenticity, where you're not where you're where where your content doesn't feel like you're just some recycled AI GPT rapper or some other content creator rapper. All right? Think about your favorite creators. I'm talking about the ones that changed your life. I'm thinking prime Ryan Higa, prime RiceGum, prime Hamza in the self-improvement niche. I remember some of his videos genuinely made me question my entire life and like my entire male self-development. Whoever it is, did you like them just because they felt like they were structured? Did you feel like
[28:58 | t=1738] they were trying to hook you? Like they were fighting and clawing for your attention? No. It probably felt like you were in the room with them. Like for once, you found somebody on the internet who genuinely made you feel understood. And you felt like every time their video popped up on their on your feed, it was like, "Yo, this person just dropped a freaking gem for them." And I don't even understand how they made this. I think there's real magic here. And I think that is an incredibly underexplored concept in the space of content creation, okay? And I'll I'll rant here
[29:28 | t=1768] for a little bit because let's be real, you're probably looking for the next strategy and every other creator here is talking about this brand strategy, talking about the complex pillars. But as somebody who's had a data set of hundreds and hundreds of creators, studying them, helping them, messing up as a coach to other creators, I realized a lot of it's in the emotion as well, in the intuitive motion that you can tap into. And yes, you need to start with the basics because Stephen Curry didn't wake up as a two-year-old shooting threes from mid-range, bro, you know? That made no sense. You start with the
[29:58 | t=1798] basics, you copy the form of giants before you. But eventually, there's a point where the science of content, right? That we spoke about, the demand, TAM, right? Value per second, social proof, it converges with true spontaneous source. The moment where you kind of forget for a second that you're creating content for this algorithm. You're creating content to appeal to some viewers and you're constantly fighting for their attention because you know that they are once one one slow moment away from scrolling, looking to the sidebar, and clicking on somebody else's video. You forget these fears
[30:28 | t=1828] around being perceived, on what he's going to think, what she's going to think about me, what [ __ ] cringe perception that other people have of me. And you're just here as a creator, right? And it's hard. It's hard because it's easy to hide behind a script. It's easy to hide behind editing. It's And I say this genuinely from experience. And that is the state of mind and body and emotion that I try to tap into and that I know intuitively that where when I am in that state, I can actually show up and be like genuinely loving towards my viewer. Like I I make I create not from this forceful
[31:00 | t=1860] energy of I need to take your attention, but I genuinely feel like love towards my viewer. Like I'm making this and I'm putting in all this effort because I want to help you. Right? And I think there's another abundance the best creators convey where they don't need you to watch and yet you are effortlessly retained. And it's hard because views are literally survival, especially as a business owner, right? You You literally need to get views for your business to bring in leads for your business to survive and thrive. You have people maybe even counting on you, right? Your Your Your mom who tells you
[31:30 | t=1890] who probably doesn't believe that this content creation thing is ever going to be a real job for you and you feel scarce because of all of these people who either have expectations on you or who you feel don't really believe in you, who don't believe that this content creation thing which you're kind of just trying out as a hobby is ever going to be a real thing. And it's [ __ ] hard because that weighs on your emotions. And if nobody's ever told you this, genuinely, it's hard and I've I've I've cried, you know? I felt truly alone. I took a gap year trying to make this content creation thing where it felt just like like I'm staring to this abyss
[32:00 | t=1920] every day and it's lonely and it's hard and how do you wake up with that these pains of anxiety and get and and still show up on camera with confidence, try to be a leader, an influencer when you when you're waking up to 2,000 followers, half of these people are just people that you know who you don't even want to see your videos, man. What do you do that? And for me, I developed a lot of practices to find this ample level of self-love to be perceived exactly how I am as this flawed person that I am, as not as the perfect guru
[32:30 | t=1950] that I try to be in these videos, being the perfect educator, but just like being the like flawed, somewhat like, you know, spontaneous, unorganized, disorganized version of me now that I am. And these practices for me are like morning meditation, trying to spend at least the first hour of my day every single day off of Instagram, not checking the views cuz that [ __ ] with your mental and it makes you suddenly like literally the social media algorithms are really designed for you to lose your self-confidence because you're either checking your own views and feeling insufficient insufficient
[33:01 | t=1981] about them or looking at somebody else's views or somebody else's lifestyle that's perfectly curated and feeling worse about yourself. How are you then going to see and be exposed to all of that insufficiency about yourself and then suddenly show up with the energy where people are magnetically attracted to you. It's hard. And I think this has a lot to do with the delivery of showing up on camera. So, a couple of things that I do is I like to meditate on death and I know that sounds corny, but just hear me out. This is something that I often do in my mornings. I I wake up and I just think, "Today was my last day of
[33:32 | t=2012] life. How would I want to spend it?" And eventually I I go through these weird circles of thought where I'm like, "Yeah, I mean, it's it's kind of hard to imagine if I were to die tonight, but if I were to die tonight, I guess I probably wouldn't care so much about that high school kid who's watching my videos and judging me from afar and used to [ __ ] call me corny and like cringe in high school. I guess I wouldn't for once I wouldn't care about them because I just wouldn't have time to worry about it. And you know, maybe I would actually like to make a video. Why? Because it's
[34:02 | t=2042] a medium of expressing myself. It's a medium of being able to leave at least one thing that could have permanence of impact and legacy on this earth in this limited time that we have. That's the purest reason for creating that I can think of and I think it comes from contemplating death and realizing that none of this [ __ ] really does matter. So, all these things that I should be doing, like being more productive, working, getting a job, right? Doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things because we're going to die. And being qualified enough to be on camera and
[34:33 | t=2073] showing up, being a hyper retentive, doesn't really matter if I have one day left on this earth. I don't have time to worry about that [ __ ] You know, I don't have time to worry about my views because [ __ ] even if this video got three views, I would want to say this message, you know? Because I care about it. And I think that's when I finally tap into this flow and intuition as a creator where I'm like, yes, I feel it. I feel like I'm actually talking to a real person. I feel like there's a reason why I'm here and it's not just to farm views and take and take and take from where I was watching and sell them
[35:03 | t=2103] on my content academy who yeah, I kind of have something to sell, but you know, showing up with a genuine sense of enjoyment for this craft. And that's why we started off in this journey of content and then we started feeling all this scarcity. Oh, [ __ ] Well, my views weren't good, right? We started off with this pure energy. Damn, I just really want to make something today and I really want to explore my creative passion because I feel like my normal life, school, doesn't scratch that itch of genuinely creating something from the heart. So, at the very least I want content to be a channel for that. And I
[35:33 | t=2133] know we talked about the tactics, right? And these matter. These matter because at the end of the day, to be a good musician, to be a good violin player, you can't just tap into the flow of becoming Mozart overnight, right? We need practice. We need practice the scales. And the scales in this case are understanding what gets demand and copying it, right? Studying other creators' viral videos, value per second, thinking empathetically about what the viewer is thinking about you as you're making the video, which is a really weird skill. But like past that, you know, I like to think if I can show up as the most giving version of myself,
[36:03 | t=2163] I can show up as the most passionate, present version of myself, things will align. And I think that requires an immense amount of just blind faith as a creator because this game of social media it kind of feels like you're just waking up and throwing down a slot machine every day. It's like, is this going to get 300 views or is this going to get 100k? I don't know, honestly. And it takes a lot of [ __ ] energy to be cringe, know that people are watching you, right? Maybe even showing up to school the next day looking around knowing that somebody's being like, "Yo, I've seen your videos, bro. Like, good stuff, man.
[36:34 | t=2194] I see you trying." Like, like, "Yo, like, what what are your plans with that?" And you feel this [ __ ] shame around it, man. Living with that and so showing up requires you to be a little [ __ ] delusional. And the skill's not going to be built overnight. Okay? As As As much as I would love to be just like twice as good-looking, twice as naturally funny, twice as naturally act like insert XYZ so I could just wake up with million views tomorrow, you know? As somebody who's helped normal people change their life with their personal brand, sometimes it just takes blind faith because realistically, there's no reason why I should be on camera right now
[37:05 | t=2225] being able to talk to hundreds and thousands of people with my content. Yes, I could logically, rationally break it down in hindsight, but in the moment, I had no clue as a 19-year-old how I'd get there when I was stuck at 2,000 followers, not growing for months, feeling like I had no way to make income from this content creation thing, either. I honestly wasn't even sure if I was doing the right thing with my life. You know, you you might feel that way with your content. But, I think the craziest content unlock for me was realizing that I can actually feel whole about myself despite not getting views.
[37:35 | t=2255] And it's really backwards, but there's a really funny thing that happens once you start feeling whole and start recognizing that you deserve to be heard, that you are a person worth being heard and worth having impact in this lifetime. Makes you show up with a level of confidence and energy and passion that you otherwise wouldn't have been able to tap into. And it's really backwards, but I genuinely believe the delusion comes first. Stepping into that identity comes first and then usually showing up with that energy of like, "Yeah, I'm freaking him and I am going
[38:05 | t=2285] to help somebody with this video. Somebody's going to watch this video and be genuinely touched from whatever I'm saying, even though I'm just [ __ ] yabbering in a hotel room, man. Damn." And yes, of course, then you remember where they're at and you hook them in with a mixture of the tactical copywriting from your, you know, hundreds of reps that you've put in and practiced and studied the tape and you mix it in with showing up with a genuine energy of true presence that no AI scripted, that's not this, it's this,
[38:35 | t=2315] creator could even come close to. That's when you become the [ __ ] hook. And not just that, you ascend to becoming the true creative that you grew up needing as a consumer. And that, ladies and gentlemen, I believe is level four, the S-tier. So, I hope this was helpful because I could easily made this video just the first three cuz I honestly feel like I'm just kind of yabbering in this S-tier one, but this genuinely, I think, was a big unlock for me. Not just growing accounts cuz I grew these accounts, I would say, like just by
[39:05 | t=2345] utilizing a lot of strategy, but also getting to a point where I felt genuinely proud of my personal brand, where I felt like I showed up the way I wanted to, not trying to be necessarily like an Iman Gadzhi clone, a Hormozi clone, Shia LaBeouf, Justin Halpern clone, but that sounds hella hella sus to say, man, cuz that sounds like really glazy. But like showing up as myself and like showing up genuinely with an excitement to create. Cuz that's another hard thing, too. It's like you can become good at content and good at people's attention getting people's attention, but like are you truly proud of the impact that you're having with
[39:35 | t=2375] your content? I don't mean that in some you should feel bad about the type of content you create. Man, I was making memes, I was making Among Us memes and skits back when I grew this account, okay? And I needed that to learn and to practice, to build my skill set. And yeah, I did do I did do a couple brand deals that made me like two, three K a month as well, you know, it's not bad income. But accept where you're at, you know, understand it will take practice, but also understand that you deserve to be heard. And maybe, you know, if this just inspires you to make something that you feel passionate about today, then that's a win at the end of the day, you
[40:05 | t=2405] know? Go out, create something that you feel passionate about that you genuinely think will impact people. And if you want to work with me and my community and you want to learn more not just about what we do, but also how I was able to grow 200,000 followers in a year working just an hour a day using some of the tactics I've told you about today that I'm going to link in the first link in the description, a video that I made of the three biggest tactics that I've employed in my content to make it hyper retentive and to grow 200k followers authentically in a year's time. So, go
[40:35 | t=2435] ahead and watch that one. I'll see you guys in the next video. Blah, blah, blah.
