# s066  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aF-L1ra5mnc)

[0:00 | t=0] So, I created a brand new Instagram account to see how much I could make in just 1 month of posting Instagram Reels. And after 1 month, the account grew to 40,000 followers with just 15 videos, but not just that. I did something called UGC, and in total, I earned [music] $5,000 from posting UGC videos to this [music] brand new Instagram account. So, I made an entire full masterclass breaking down exactly how I hit my first 5K [music] month with UGC in just 30 days, how beginners are getting off opportunities,
[0:30 | t=30] and how you can get started earning from content without having any [music] experience. So, the way UGC works is basically brands will pay you between 50 to even up to a thousand dollars per video that you post promoting their app on a brand new Instagram account. Now, everyday college students, 9-to-5ers are building full-time incomes off of this thing called UGC. So, let's get into it. For you guys today, I have prepared how to make $10,000 a month with content in 2026, and I'm [ __ ] hyped. Just so you guys know that I actually know what I'm
[1:00 | t=60] talking about social media. 30 days ago I or not 30 days ago, it was a little over, but I basically posted 15 videos on this brand new account, grew it from zero to 30K followers, and I'm going to be relating the experiences that I've learned not only to grow this account, but also to grow my other personal brand on Instagram, obviously to a large following. So, who am I? Why am I yabbering and jabbering on the screen telling you guys that I'm going to teach you all these things posing the stream to you that I can help you achieve things with content creation. What gives me that level of insane confidence? And why should you listen to me in this
[1:30 | t=90] presentation? So, my name's Ben O'Leary, and I've been creating content now for the past 5 years, and I have grown four accounts to over 150,000 followers across TikTok and Instagram. I started in April of 2020. So, I've been through many eras of trend hopping. I used to make comedy videos, and I grew this account to 900,000 followers at the bottom left. Then I started making productivity videos, then I started making vlogs, then I started making some videos in college about studying, and then I finally ended up here where I help other people build
[2:01 | t=121] personal brands and start their own content creation journeys. The reason why I say this is because I want to show you that I actually have a diverse experience in helping with content. I am not just one person who got lucky and blew up off of one concept, one video style. There's a lot of creators out there who will tell you, "I know how to blow up with content creation." but they've only blown up one account or they've only tried one viral format. I have probably tried pretty much every single format I've seen, I have tried, and probably at least gotten
[2:31 | t=151] a million plus views with on these accounts. Just to show you that everything you are learning today is the first principles understanding of how to go viral with social media, and then how to apply that to actually make money, build this a career for you guys. Okay? And now it is my personal mission to make content creation an accessible and sustainable career path for anyone. Okay? Now, I'm no fortune teller, but I do believe content creation will become a larger and larger space throughout the next couple years. So, this is where I've poured a lot of my eggs into. I am genuinely such a firm believer that
[3:01 | t=181] content creation unlocks so many of our creative potentials. I believe that content creation is such a transformative experience. It's helped me throughout my own personal development journey for the past several years. And I want to help as many people as possible continue in that journey and then actually turning it into real incomes so they can do it full-time, create full-time, and eventually build businesses, create movements. And I believe that's the power of a personal brand. And now, to do that, I run an agency and a paid community that trains content
[3:32 | t=212] creators, teaches them how to go viral, and then I also help give them actual paid opportunities with brands. So, I don't just teach them now, we also help hire creators to brands. All that to say, everything that I do nowadays is pretty much to help content creators. And that is who is teaching you in this presentation. So, if you give me the next 90 minutes, I promise you that I will help teach everything that I've learned from helping over 10 people last year make 10k a month with content. Some of these people even 15-year-olds like Seb here in this
[4:02 | t=242] little corner. He made 10k a month at 15 years old and he's from Indonesia. Other people running businesses like Thomas. He made 42k and I I believe that's a span of 2 weeks. And then a bunch of other people with UGC as well, what we're going to be learning today. I've also helped many people hit 10,000 plus followers in their first year. Here are just some of our students from our paid community content academy. And here are some other people from our paid community content academy who achieved even more insane results that got past 100,000 followers with their
[4:34 | t=274] social media followings. And this is what I'm going to be teaching you guys today, how to get started in this journey and eventually achieve the results that these guys have. Okay? And this is not to brag. I want to prove to you what you are capable of when you will apply what we're going to learn together today. Now, big picture, I don't want to overwhelm you guys. I would say I've broken down the content creation journey all the way from posting your first video all the way to 10k a month and there's a lot of steps in between that.
[5:06 | t=306] And that's what our business does, content academy. We train people getting them through each of these steps from posting their first video all the way to starting monetizing, all the way to building their following to their first thousand, 10,000 followers, all the way to getting the first 10k months. This is not to overwhelm you. I just want to let you know this is a big picture of what the journey looks like. And I want to simplify this as much as possible by giving you guys the nuggets of wisdom to get through, especially these first few steps here of posting your first video, getting momentum as a creator, and then stacking up wins. That is what I want to
[5:37 | t=337] get you guys today, your first few wins so you can start getting your exponential growth journey started today. So, that starts with you just hitting post. And if there's anything that any of you guys who put a zero in the chat can take away from today's presentation, please. If you can do anything here, just hit post. And even if you haven't made a video yet, or if you Sorry, if you have been making videos, but you maybe feel a little stuck, or you feel a little lost, just hit post. Regardless, that is the number one thing that I always try to
[6:08 | t=368] remind myself as a creator as well. So, this presentation is Content MBA, and it is the full workshop to make $10,000 a month with simple videos on your phone. Now, I'm going to make this real clear for you. By the end of the class, I'm going to give you two things, okay? Not only am I going to give you all of these lessons here, what is UGC and how to land your first deal with no followers, how I've seen multiple of my students do that, an interactive workshop, making your first video with me live, write
[6:39 | t=399] your first viral video. I'm going to walk you guys through the exact viral video process that I teach all of my students, and that I repeat on a daily basis. And then lastly, the road map from a beginner to 10k a month as a creator, and how to get there. Not only that, I'm also going to give you a bonus at the end of this, a bonus offer. And it's a $97 workbook covering exactly what we're teaching today, how to get your first deal, right? And a jump start to get your
[7:09 | t=429] first first couple wins as a creator. It's 26 pages long, it's a full PDF, and it's going to teach you the basics of UGC and a guide to making your first video. I have a couple helpful templates in there. But at the end of today's workshop, during our Q&A, this PDF will be yours to keep. For not $97, but for free. As long as you stay live until the end. Now, why did I leave it until the end? Because I know a lot of you guys are just going to try and get the PDF, and then if you try and understand it now,
[7:39 | t=459] you're not going to have the context to actually be able to apply it. I want you guys to actually stay locked in with me. So, if you want all the free sauce, stay tuned with me today. I want you guys to genuinely get nuggets of sauce so you can apply instantly tonight and tomorrow to start posting and to start getting your getting your content creation journeys started. I saw somebody saying 0% attention span. All right, for those of you guys who are actually locked in with me, and I know all of us here have short-form attention spans. Our brains are rotted, mine included. I'm going to
[8:09 | t=489] try and explain this as simple as possible so a five-year-old can understand it, and I'm going to move quickly. So, guys, stay tuned with me. Let's start off. True or false? It is harder now than ever to make your first dollar with content creation. Because a lot of people say that content creation is now saturated with way more competition. Everybody here Yo, we got 340 people in here all interested in starting content creation. That's a lot of competition, arguably. That's a lot of people trying to compete with each other in this content game. Right?
[8:39 | t=519] Now, here's why. Four years ago, businesses literally spent half as much on social media marketing. It makes sense. Four years ago, TikTok and Instagram Reels were practically brand new. So, four years ago, businesses spent literally half as much as they do now on social media marketing. Their budgets now have quite literally doubled. And I'll show you guys where this budget is going into later and how you guys can actually take advantage of it. But in 2020, just to really prove to you that the game is actually easier now. When I had 100,000 TikTok followers back in 2020, I did my first ever brand deal.
[9:10 | t=550] I was 16 years old. I was new to TikTok, but I had somehow grown 100,000 followers in the comedy space. Right? And I did a brand deal. I got paid 20 bucks. Nowadays, I see students that I work with all the time who are making $1,000 in their first month doing UGC. And they don't have massive followings. They don't have even over Some A lot of them don't even have over 10,000 followers. Okay? In fact, in one of our last workshops, there was a guy named Ricky who joined our community after and said they made their first online money
[9:41 | t=581] after submitting a video through one of the processes that we're going to learn today. And he just said like he'd never do it before. So, this is the same presentation that there are other people applying to actually make their first dollar. And when you make your first dollar, like I I'm joking about the $20 that I made back then, but that genuinely helped build the belief in me that this online money thing is real and eventually turned it for me from just a side hustle that I was doing on the side to my full-time income now as a 22-year-old. Right? My business now is
[10:11 | t=611] literally hit like 100k plus months. And the whole It's all centered around me being able to make viral content on a consistent basis. Right? This is everything This is all the sauce that I'm regularly doing to make a full-time income. Many of my students are doing to make a full-time income. Right? But I believe it starts with getting your first dollar online. And then that's how you build the momentum to actually then turn it into a full-time income. You need at least 1,000 followers to land paid brand deals. Now, I told you there are people with under 10,000 followers who landed
[10:42 | t=642] their first paid deals, but do you need at least 1,000 followers? It's false. And I'll show you exactly why. So, 3 years ago, like I said, you actually did need a following. There were no opportunities as far as I had ever seen, as far as I had ever known, to make money without a following. Back then it was the age of influencer marketing, the Charlie D'Amelios, the Dixie D'Amelios, the big celebrities. And you need to build an actual name for yourself. Practically be a celebrity on the app to actually make realistically any money. But back in 2020, 100,000 followers got
[11:12 | t=672] me the equivalent of a Chipotle bowl and a bubble tea. Now, I was actually pretty happy with that, but it's pretty absurd for getting 100,000 followers. But in the past 3 years, a couple things have changed. And this is why I'm able to literally tell you guys now it is easier than ever, if you know what you're doing, to make your first dollar with content creation. In the past 3 years, a couple things have changed and it's due to the algorithms on social media. So, now more than ever and it's moving more and more towards this, the algorithms on TikTok
[11:42 | t=702] and Instagram care way more about retention than follower count. So, creators with a lot of followers now are falling off because they still live in this old system of thinking you need to be a celebrity. I'm just thinking, "Oh, as long as I have a name for myself online, people are just going to watch whatever I put out." That's not how it works anymore. All the attention is going to newer creators who actually learn how to make high retention content and that's exactly what I teach inside our community and that's exactly what I'm going to teach you guys today. Okay? Retention is basically how long you keep viewers watching your videos. It's the
[12:14 | t=734] art and science of keeping viewers watching your videos, keeping random strangers on the internet watching your videos. And it sounds really simple and it is, but it's not easy. There's a very There's a lot of different things. There's hooks, there's angles, there's visual hooks, there's editing. And I'm going to cover as much as I can, but it is a complicated art. But, people who have actually spent the time to learn it, I can tell you have been massively rewarded. Like Alfonso, right? He started UGC and in literally 2 months, he hit 14K in a single month
[12:46 | t=766] creating UGC for one of these brands here. Right? This is his win this channel on our Discord server. He was just shouting out the community W Content Academy. But, it's crazy cuz he actually got this opportunity while having only 170 followers on Instagram. It's nuts. He got this opportunity This is a newer screenshot of his account. Alfonso's an incredible creator, but he got this opportunity without needing a large following. Here's another example. And this is one of the longer stories. Richard. He was a 23-year-old software
[13:17 | t=797] engineer and he joined our community in July of 2025. And he was starting content creation cuz he wanted to learn how to help his family friends business. And you can see at the bottom here, he actually only posted five videos when he first started. So you're probably wondering, oh wow, like man, five videos, that's insane. Like I've posted more than that. That's awesome. Because five days later after joining our community, he was celebrating getting his first video that got a thousand views. Right? It's actually like this is a good win, I would say. And if you haven't yet, it's okay. Like this is a good win that you
[13:48 | t=828] want to strive for. This is what we tell all of our community members who are newer to content, celebrate these small wins, like even a thousand views. It's not viral, but it's not viral yet, and I'll show you guys why. 18 days later, he was able to get his first UGC opportunity. And this was around when he was getting his first 10,000 view video. But just a hundred days later, he sent this into our Discord server. Right? He got 20 million views for a brand by applying all the systems that we teach inside our community, and then they paid
[14:19 | t=859] him $16,000 in a single month doing this thing called UGC. So when I tell you there are so many beginners who are starting content and making a [ __ ] bag, yo, I mean it. This is why you probably have heard a little bit about UGC before if you have already, right? This is probably one of the best opportunities for beginners to actually start monetizing with content creation. There genuinely has never been such a good opportunity to get paid as a [ __ ] beginner. This is coming from somebody who spent like seven months
[14:51 | t=891] building a following of a hundred thousand followers, still could only make 20 bucks his first year as a creator. So here's how. Richard was posting daily, and he applied the content systems to make higher retention videos that I'm going to give you today. Okay? Just get you all excited for what we're going to cover today. So, these videos, I really want to make clear, they don't need to be cinematic or complex. I think a lot of people view content creation either from the lens of becoming a celebrity, and it's man, I just have to be really good looking, or
[15:22 | t=922] man, I just have to be like hot or I just need to I don't know, I just need to show my boobs or something or it's ah, I just need to have a complex camera. I need to have an expensive camera and that's what's stopping me from blowing up on social media. I need to buy equipment and it costs a lot of money. In [snorts] reality, this is Richard, right? The creator I told you who made $16,000 in a single month. Now, this video, the editing and the storytelling might seem a little bit complex, but I really want to highlight this was all filmed from an iPhone. Right? Everybody here has a phone that
[15:53 | t=953] they're tuned in from. My my social media promoting this live class has been from iPhone videos. So, you guys all have an iPhone here. You guys all have at least an Android phone. Like, you have to understand, I really want you to picture that this is somebody who's probably started content at similar time as you, right? And was able to not only make all of this on his iPhone, edit all of this on his iPhone, but generate 28,000 likes on this video by learning how to go viral, mastering higher attention content,
[16:25 | t=985] and he was able to even land a UGC deal with this company called WhisperFlow, which is basically it's like a dictation AI on your MacBook. It's a very simple AI company, right? And they paid him $16,000 in a single month for making iPhone videos. And businesses right now are actually really leaning heavily towards hiring regular students and 9-to-5ers to make talking head UGC videos. A lot of businesses that I speak to who are hiring creators specifically want students. They want college students or
[16:56 | t=1016] they want people working in 9-to-5s. And the reason why is because your lives are really relatable and a lot of products are actually built around 9-to-5ers and students. And that's been like a big reason why a lot of these creators have succeeded. Like, why is LeBron teaching me history? A lot of the successful UGC content is actually it's made about study tools like study apps. Right? So if you're a student, I highly recommend you especially lock the [ __ ] in. It's one of the best side hustles as
[17:26 | t=1046] a student. So if you want to pay for any trips that you're going on as a student in college, if you want to pay for [ __ ] if you want to be that friend who's able to ball out and just eat out whenever he wants, like UGC's probably one of the best side hustles to actually build that level of income and build it as a complete beginner. Now, what is UGC? UGC very simply, I don't want you guys to overcomplicate it cuz it's a big word, user-generated content. All it really means is getting paid to make videos for businesses that they can use for their marketing. So the
[17:56 | t=1076] only thing that you really need is one, being able to actually find these brands and actually be able to get hired into them. And then secondly, learn how to make viral videos that they then will actually want to use for the marketing. So it's these two things. So you need to essentially have access to the opportunities and you need training on how to learn how to make higher attention content. So how do these payments actually work? Right? Cuz I'm talking about how Richard made $16,000 in a single month. Alfonso made $14,000 in a single month.
[18:27 | t=1107] Here's the actual very simple process. So you take your phone, right? You're going to write a script using one of the proven script templates. Most UGC videos are literally using copy-paste scripts. Okay? Then, you send it to the brand. Sometimes you'll just send it literally over an iMessage. Sometimes it'll be through a platform or a Discord server. And then whoever's running the UGC program, whoever essentially works at the brand who manages all the creators, will give you feedback or they'll
[18:57 | t=1137] approve the video. Nine times out of 10 they'll just approve it. Right? As long as you're not swearing in the video, as long as you're not doing something insane, as long as you're not insulting the brand that you're getting paid to promote, you'll get approved. And what's nice is that once you post it onto your UGC accounts, you just make a new Instagram or make a new TikTok profile to make videos for these brands, and you just get paid out. So, literally just like that. The feedback loop can literally happen in a day. So, a lot of creators are making between 50 and a couple hundred bucks a day from doing this, just for making videos. Because all you have to do is show up,
[19:28 | t=1168] make a video, use their proven scripts, post it onto these two platforms, TikTok and Instagram, and get a payout. And you just repeat daily for an infinite money glitch. Now, most UGC payment structures look like this. Okay? And I know this all sounds complicated cuz there's a lot of big words, but at the core, there's two things. There's one, a retainer that you get paid no matter what, just for showing up and just for posting. So, once you get accepted into these opportunities, you literally just get paid for showing up, even as a beginner. And then secondly, you have infinite upside. So, this opportunity
[19:58 | t=1198] specifically paid $1 per thousand views. What does that mean? If you got a million views, you would get a thousand dollars. And now you can make a million view video if you know the system, you can make a million view video, and it can take you one or two hours. Okay? So, there's a world where a lot of UGC creators who have actually mastered the skill of making high retention videos, they're pumping out a video, and once a week they're getting a viral video. So, they're probably putting in 10 hours of work a week, and they're getting a
[20:28 | t=1228] thousand or multiple thousands of dollars a week. Okay? And I actually tried this out. In December, I made a new Instagram account. I'll show you guys this is actually new Instagram account I made. I posted just 15 videos, and because obviously I have a lot of experience in making content, and virality is a repeatable system, I know a lot of you guys here are talking about, "Oh, I don't know how to make content. I'm stuck in 300 view jail." Once you actually learn the system, you can just repeat it across any platform that you have. So, I started a new account to test this thesis. I posted 15
[20:59 | t=1259] videos, and for the 15 videos, I got paid $5,000 in a single month. This is This is the literal screenshot of the money getting sent into my bank account. And I probably put in a cumulative 30 hours of work into making these videos. Right? So, it was $5,000 for 30 hours of a side hustle. Obviously, I still have my main business to run, and I was still doing that in that month, but I got paid 5K for a nice little side hustle. So, that's a nice little picture of what UGC can look like once you're just putting in the effort and learning the skill.
[21:29 | t=1289] Okay? But, posting is simple at the end of the day. Like I said, the simple the system's really simple. You just make videos, get them approved, and then get paid. But, it's not easy. Going viral is the complicated part that requires practice and training. But, just for you guys, today I'll teach you guys how to get your first win with content creation to start your journey. So, let's start off with the pro tips of how to post your first video. So, pro tip for all of you guys who've not posted your first video yet.
[21:59 | t=1319] I highly recommend this style of content. A lot of people on Tik Tok call this the higher up wellness speaking challenge. A great way to practice posting your first video is just treating it like an exercise to get better at public speaking. So, you might be listening to me and say, "Wow, this guy's pretty capable of speaking off the fly." It's because I've posted thousands of videos, and I've just practiced over and over again, showing up, putting down a camera, and practicing the skill of talking straight for 60 seconds. And I highly recommend if you haven't posted any videos yet, try it.
[22:30 | t=1350] Literally, open up a camera and do this. I'll literally simulate simulate it for you guys. You can do this literally right after the class, right after we hop off, and I'll do it in the back camera just to prove to you guys. Today is day one of posting every single day to pub practice my public speaking and not trip over my words and mumble and stumble over my words. I am not exactly sure what I'm going to say in the rest of this video, but I'm here on a live webinar, and I'm really trying to not use the words like or because I have a very
[23:01 | t=1381] strong habit of using these words, but I'm just going to keep talking until the timer gets to 60 seconds. I'm not going to actually finish the video cuz I don't want to waste your guys' time, but that is literally what a lot of videos these videos on TikTok look like. Okay? It is that simple. I don't want you guys to overcomplicate it if you've never posted a video before cuz the main thing that I want you guys to do is show up and feel good about showing up. Regardless even if you are a bit more experienced [snorts] to content. In fact, me as a person with 500,000 followers, sometimes I will get into a slump and then I would just be like, "Okay, I'm not going to
[23:31 | t=1411] place any expectations on myself. I just need to show up." It's like maybe you've taken a month off on holiday and you haven't exercised in a while. You're not going to jump straight back into the most intense workout and try to lift the heaviest weight you ever have. No. You're going to set your expectations low and just reward yourself pat on the back for showing up. And the same goes with content. I am a firm believer in this. Do not beat yourself up and do not compare your views with other creators when you're first starting out cuz this is all a mental game. It's just one cesspool of comparison
[24:02 | t=1442] bias that's going to make you feel worse about yourself. And if there's anything that I implore all of my students, right? The 50-plus who have hit 10,000-plus followers, none of them go into it with a perfectionist mindset. All of them go into it with just a yo, I feel good about showing up and I'm putting in the work every day even if the numbers don't reflect it. Cuz it's crazy until it works. And obviously building the viral content skill set takes time and practice. I'm not going to promise to you that you post a video tomorrow and it's going to get 2 million views like this guy who posted his day one video, which is
[24:32 | t=1472] pretty [ __ ] insane. That can happen. You can have a lucky case like that. But at the end of the day it takes practice and I want you to feel good and get comfortable practicing. Now, to post your first video, one other pro tip is create a new secret Instagram account. Like you if you knew none of your friends would watch your videos, you would post as much as you want. You would post more passionately. You would be maybe more expressive on camera. But because well, you don't want to lose aura with the husband or something, you don't want to maybe lose aura on your
[25:03 | t=1503] public Instagram, so you're like, "Fuck, bro. I'mma be a little bit more nonchalant type shit." That's me, bro. I'm not even going to lie. Like, I remember thinking, "Damn, my Instagram is dead ass going to help It's going to make it harder for me to find a girlfriend." Like, I remember thinking that. I was like, "Bro, I post my entire life. I look like such a try-hard, and I feel like girls just want Duke Girls want Duke Dennis. They don't want me." Now, very fortunately, I was able to find a very happy relationship with my girlfriend, but so just so you know, it didn't actually stop me from being able to get a girlfriend. I
[25:33 | t=1533] actually think it helped me find someone who who actually realized could accept like me for me. But, I I feel it. That's all That's all I'm trying to say. I don't know why I made this whole tangent on dating, but I have a little hack for you guys, okay? Post videos on a secret Instagram account, and actually feel free to block your friends. Block your friends on this new secret Instagram account. I know that sounds OD, but if it stops you from making videos, and you're constantly overthinking it like I have for really long, just block your friends. Honestly, that's going to
[26:04 | t=1564] save you a little bit of hassle. I remember like overhearing that some of my friends were thinking my older videos were cringe, and that's when I really put my heart and soul into these videos. I remember I talked about my like self-improvement, my gym journey. I was super vulnerable online about all of my struggles, and I remember I had friends like I overheard friends. They didn't say it directly to my face. I was like, "Man, like this is kind of cringe, man. Like, why is Meena trying to do all that?" And it like did hurt my feelings a lot. And I'm really grateful that it didn't stop me, but just so you know,
[26:35 | t=1595] if you want to start posting content, but you're afraid people are going to judge you and talk [ __ ] about you, they probably will. And it's fine. And this is like a natural part because nobody else is going to understand your vision and your goals, right? I can stand out I can stand up here and be like, "Yo, my passion is to help content creators." And that probably sounds hella cringe, like I'm just like a hella try hard and [ __ ] Man, this dude Or like some of my friends too probably look at me like, "Yo, this guy is just a course seller, bro." Like they don't But they don't see the actual lives that I have helped. They don't see all the people who have been inside my community
[27:06 | t=1626] and said thank you. And I have to remind myself, just as you guys have to remind yourselves, that like why are you actually posting content? It's not for other people, it's for yourself. So, you can block other friends to help you not getting your own way. Okay? Sorry. A little bit of a personal tangent here, but a new account is also a good way to build a portfolio. Now, a lot of brands, let's connect it back to making money for a second. A lot of brands want to know whether you're actually going to be consistent. That is the number one thing.
[27:37 | t=1657] It's UGC is essentially like a remote online job. And the worst thing that a brand can do is hire you, give you training, give you scripts, right? Invest the time into you just for you to post two videos and then [ __ ] off. So, the number one thing that you can prove to brands so they actually feel confident about hiring you and get a way higher likelihood of actually getting accepted into these super lucrative UGC opportunities is post consistently on a new account. So, if you haven't posted yet or you're
[28:08 | t=1688] a very on and off with content, there's a chance that brands might be really hesitant to hire you because you haven't shown proof online that you can be consistent. So, a big playbook for a lot of you guys, create a new secret account, block your friends if you need to, so you can just make this your own personal side hustle journey, and then post every day. Practice posting, it's going to be a shitty video where you're just talking, and you're not going to sound amazing at the beginning. That's how all of my students are at the very beginning. But a month ago, I started a new secret Instagram account from scratch as well.
[28:39 | t=1719] I didn't reveal it to any of my followers. But once you actually learn the skill set of high retention viral content, I posted 15 videos and you have so much upside into doing this. I got paid $5,000 from it. So, just remember, all of you guys here who do want to turn this into a vehicle to make financial freedom, understand that yes, it is behind a wall of cringe, but just remember, there is so much infinite potential and upside behind this. So, remember that as you post. This is not that this is not for anybody else. It's
[29:09 | t=1749] for yourself and for your own goals, okay? Cuz it's very easy to lose sight of that when we start thinking about all the hate comments, all the negative comments, all the judging thoughts that might creep into our minds every single day, right? It just starts by posting your first video. Now, let's actually talk about making viral content, right? Don't you need a crazy or unique story? How many of you guys here feel like you're you just don't live an interesting or crazy enough life? Like you're not Mr. Beast, you're not traveling to Europe and Bali.
[29:40 | t=1780] So, how can you go viral? You're just a regular student or you're just working a job, right? Or, I I am not the most talented and creative individual. And don't you need to be super talented or creative to to blow up on social media? I get this question a lot in my own coaching calls as well. It's like, how do you blow up if you don't have anything crazy going on in your life? Like you just live a pretty ordinary life. And the lucky thing is actually that when I first started blowing up my page,
[30:12 | t=1812] I was in college and I was literally just documenting my day in college. This was me in my parents' house in the bedroom, just waking up and talking to the camera. So, a lot of the strategies that I want to teach you guys today, right now, is is rooted in not being hyper talented, not having a crazy life going on, but making your ordinary life interesting and packaging your ordinary life in a way that's interesting. And one of those things is obviously
[30:42 | t=1842] hooks. But I'll let you in on a little secret that the best creators, however, won't like to admit. Right? So, a lot of you guys might look at big creators, even you like all of you guys might actually look at my videos and be like, "Man, like this looks so complex. [ __ ] like I could never make these style of videos." 90% of these creative, crazy, original ideas are just copying other viral videos with a single twist. At the core, that's actually a lot of content. Okay? Honestly, from my experience, 90% of
[31:12 | t=1872] creative videos are just copying other viral videos with a twist. All right. And if you actually look at the For You page, you're going to notice actually a lot of videos are strikingly incredibly similar. It's almost formulaic how all the videos look similar. Some people some of you guys actually I believe might have this averseness to copying creators. Like you don't want to steal other people's videos. Man, that's like unethical. Let me explain. For example, this is my own video process. I found this video while scrolling and
[31:43 | t=1903] it had 2 million views. It was about making money online. I was like, "That's in the style of video that I want to make. I want to make videos about making money online. That's the whole thing that my content documents." So, then what I did was I literally watched this video and I wrote down his script sentence by sentence. And when I say sentence by sentence, I quite literally mean sentence by sentence. This is his exact script that I stole from his video. Right? So, it was this video right here.
[32:13 | t=1933] Is it possible to make $1,000 in one day? Last day before I quit Google. Right? And I wrote that down on this Google Doc. Open up a Google Doc and next time you're scrolling on the For You page, start doing research. Treat it like research. And I want you to now treat scrolling on and consuming and watching videos on social media like it's research. That is the essence of scrolling and consuming like a creator and not just like a consumer anymore. And I believe this is the biggest
[32:43 | t=1963] difference between viral content creators and just people who are aimlessly throwing [ __ ] at a wall and not knowing how to consistently put up big numbers on social media. Okay? So let's go even deeper, right? Because anybody can just write down words on a piece of paper. How do you actually translate that into your own video? So first off, what I did was I wrote down the script of their video. In fact, you can even you If you're genuinely you don't want to copy their entire video, that's perfectly fine. Just write down their
[33:14 | t=1994] first five sentences. Their first five sentences or their first 15-ish seconds are the most important part of a video. It's the make or break of whether you're going viral. If your video is not at a million views, it's probably because your first 15 seconds something went wrong. Honestly, that's that's genuinely the reason why your video is not at a million views right now. It's because you have not optimized your first 15 seconds. So what you want to do is study all the videos that do have over a million views, right? Like I just showed you guys. And then write down their sentences word for word. And then ask yourself, why did
[33:46 | t=2026] this specific sentence What about their specific sentence made it go viral? So let's do this interactively now, guys. Actually, I want you guys to practice training your viral sense. This is one of the most important practices that you can do as a creator. What about this sentence made the video go viral? What about this sentence here do you think made the video literally get a hundred thousand likes? A hundred thousand people liked the video. Two million people were shown it. What about this sentence here? Right? So if
[34:17 | t=2057] we were to really break down what made this video go viral, right? It's one, the fact that everybody wants to make a thousand dollars, but doing it in a day seems impossible. So he took an impossible relatable desirable amount of money in an impossible challenge, right? That's one way that I could frame it. At the end of the day, this is just my way of saying what you guys said in the chat.
[34:47 | t=2087] Now, what about this sentence here? This one's a little bit of a doozy here, but if you guys can actually get this right, it proves that you actually do have a little bit of a viral sense here. Let's see how many sales we got last night. Let's see how many sales we got last night. Why was this sentence important to the video going viral? Okay? Why was let's see how many sales we got last night so helpful to the video going viral? This highlighted sentence right here. What about that sentence? This one seems a bit more boring. This is a big mistake that I see a lot of
[35:17 | t=2117] beginner creators make, which is they move too slowly. You say a hook to get people's attention, but then you don't show that you're actually doing it. This guy within I believe it's literally within 8 seconds says, "Let's see how many sales we got." He doesn't wait 10 seconds. He doesn't wait 15 seconds. He says it literally within 8 seconds, "Let's see how many sales we got." The key to going viral is introducing a topic that people want to know about and then delivering on it
[35:47 | t=2147] very quickly. Now, you do this with scripting. You do this with editing. And I'll teach you guys editing in a second, but the key here that I really got I want you guys to highlight here is that as you practice writing down the scripts of other viral videos that you see on the For You page, you're going to start asking yourself the right questions of what exactly made this video go viral. And then you're eventually going to build up your skill set to apply these principles to your own videos. So, if you think proof/evidence in the first 10 seconds is important,
[36:20 | t=2180] how many of you guys don't do that in your own videos right now? And if you did apply that, if you were able to apply proof and evidence within your first 10 seconds to back up your hook, how much more viral do you think your videos would be as opposed to taking 20 seconds, 30 seconds? Right? And these are the questions that then help you make these 2x, 10x jumps in your videos. These are small things. These small 1% improvements can literally 10x the views on your video. Now, I wrote down the script
[36:51 | t=2211] sentence by sentence. And then, what I did was I rewrote the script in my own words. I applied everything that I saw made the first 10 seconds go viral. Relatable, desirable amount of money in an impossible, quote-unquote, challenge. And then I showed proof and evidence of me working towards that goal in the first 10 seconds. So, how did I turn this into my own video? $1,000. I think people like money numbers, right? A lot of you guys said
[37:21 | t=2241] that in the chat. So, I wrote, "Is it possible to make an app without writing a single line of code, an impossible challenge, and make $10,000 from it in just 30 days?" I pretty much copied this hook and I just changed a couple words. And I call this method, I've actually saw this method on YouTube, the Zoinken twist. You find a viral video on the For You page. You analyze each sentence, and then you change their words into yours, just a couple of their words. So, this guy made it in the online business
[37:51 | t=2271] niche. I made it about building apps without writing code, five coding. And then I did apply exactly what he said. Let's see how many sales we got. He's showing proof and evidence of work of all of this working in the first 10 seconds. Key is that it's in the third sentence, not the 10th sentence. So, I immediately jumped into the action. I was initially thinking maybe I'll drag on a little bit, maybe I'll talk more about the challenge and why I'm doing the challenge and AI and what I think about AI. We're going to jump straight into the action because that's what made his video go viral, and I'm not going to
[38:22 | t=2302] retry and reinvent the wheel. I see a video that went viral, I think about why it went viral, and then I apply it. Let's start coding with AI, and instantly jump into the action. The result was this video right here. Has 3,000 likes. I literally copied the visuals as well. Today is day one. Let's start coding. So, I jump into the action as soon as possible. I show my laptop to show that I'm actually working towards this goal, and the result when applying this that I just showed you guys was 100,000 views. And not only
[38:52 | t=2332] that, obviously, I was getting paid to promote an app while doing this. I got paid $300. So, this is the process that I want all of you guys to do once you start doing UGC is learn how to just copy videos effectively. You want to learn this skill not of reinventing the wheel, not of being hyper original, but learning how to copy videos effectively because not only is that going to help you get your first viral video as soon as you possibly can, but it's also going to train your viral sense to learn to think as a viral creator cuz
[39:22 | t=2362] you at the end of the day, when you're a beginner, you don't know what you don't know. Genuinely, all of you guys here, if you still struggle with getting views, a lot of you guys probably came into the class thinking, I honestly don't even know why my videos aren't doing well. And that's really frustrating. And how do you bridge that gap? Cuz you know exactly what it looks like to go viral, and you know you're not there, and you know your videos are maybe down here, 1,000, 2,000, or couple hundred views. Don't try to but somehow turn your original ideas into this mega like mega viral banger thing.
[39:53 | t=2393] Just see what's working. Write it down, analyze why other viewers would have liked it, and why you thought it was interesting. And then recreate it. And a lot of people have fancy names for this, like stealing like an artist, but at the end of the day, it really just does come down to this repeatable process. Okay? Now, editing. How many of you guys here want to learn more about editing? I have a very simple simple framework for you guys, and I teach more about this inside
[40:24 | t=2424] my paid community, but editing at the end of the day I do believe a lot of people get stuck on. Right? So, what if I told you I developed a system to edit my videos in literally 30 minutes to an hour, and I've been able to repeatedly go viral just spending about 30 minutes to an hour per edit? So, I want to tell you guys about a system that I have developed and that I've battle-tested with hundreds of students. And I call it minimum viable editing. Now, specifically, a minimum viable
[40:54 | t=2454] video format. Okay? So, here it is. The minimum viable video format is as follows. You think of a main idea based on your ideal viewers' desires or interests or daily pains. Right? Another way is just copy a video that you see on the For You page or the Explore page that's going viral, and then copy it down. Right? Specifically, I want to highlight the filming and editing process cuz this is where I believe I'm able to save so many people time by just telling them exactly
[41:24 | t=2484] what the right things are to do, and then don't do anything else. Now, a lot of people spend like multiple How many of you guys have spent multiple hours editing and you just felt like it returned literally no gains? You You spent multiple hours editing a video and then it just got no views and you're like, "Fuck, I just wasted all my time." So, I think that's the most frustrating. Right? Here it is. Filming. If you're filming a talking video, I highly recommend you film all of the video. You film the
[41:54 | t=2514] entire video without stopping. A lot of people do hit record and then stop record. Hit record and stop record. I believe that'll add an extra 15 minutes on average at least for me onto talking videos. I just record everything in one take, and it also helps me get into a flow because realistically, when you were talking with a real human being, you are not talking by start, stop, start, stop. You're just saying everything in a row. The second thing, editing. Now, I edit everything in this app called CapCut. If you don't have it already, I highly recommend it. It is the easiest editing app, and it is
[42:24 | t=2544] free on your iPhone. It looks a little something like this. On the on the iPhone, right here, CapCut. Right there. It's the simplest app, and I literally edit my videos while I'm in an Uber, on the subway. I just plug in AirPods, and I just start editing, and it only takes me 30 to 60 minutes. So, how do I do this? First off, is this button called transcript-based editing. And I want you guys to screenshot this, because obviously, you guys aren't in the midst of editing right now, so you're not going to be able to remember all of this. Just
[42:55 | t=2575] screenshot this and write it down. Write it down especially, so you can actually commit it to your memory. But, transcript-based editing, that's going to help you cut down all of your talking footage by looking at a script. It's basically like this was a transcript of all the words that I spoke in my videos, and I'm just like, "I don't like this part. I'm just going to cut it. Boom, delete." And it allows you to cut your edit cut your videos not by watching through the whole thing over and over and over again, which takes multiple hours. Just just let me do it on a transcript. Then, trim dead space. Guys, the number
[43:26 | t=2606] one thing that stops your video from going viral, right? Well, it's not the number one thing. The number one thing that stops your editing from going viral, I would say is dead space. Especially for beginners, you have space in your video where nothing is happening. Another way of framing this is the 2-second rule. Ask yourself, when you are watching your video, is there even a span of 2 seconds where there's no music, no audio, or nothing moving on the screen? Is it just a static shot of maybe you at the desk? Maybe it's you cooking something, but then nothing's moving on the screen. Cut it out, or
[43:56 | t=2636] reduce it down to just 2 seconds. Okay? And I want to show you guys, for example, a vlog creator who does this really well, Jack's Day in the Life. Now, this guy, you guys might have seen him before. He is He's a somewhat Yeah, I guess he's a cringe, too, but every [ __ ] creator is. He does these day in the lives where it's his morning routine as a 25-year-old before his job, for his 9-to-5. Now, I want to highlight this editing style here. If you watch his video, he's either moving in every single one
[44:26 | t=2666] of the shots, dancing, or he's cutting the shots every single second to 2 seconds. Yeah, I can't cover everything in here because editing like we have a uh have literally video guides inside Content Academy, our paid community that walk through everything, but they are literally like Some of them are a couple like up to an hour long. So, yes, I can't cover everything, but this is the basics. Then, rewatch your video and determine the emotion. This is [ __ ] elite ball knowledge. What vibe are you trying to give viewers? And then make your music choice around
[44:58 | t=2698] that. So, maybe this guy that I just showed you, Jack Stauber in the Life, he's trying to make his videos hype, high energy. He's probably going to use pop songs, fast-moving pop songs, rap songs. If you're trying to go for the more aesthetic, calm vibe, do not use [ __ ] pop or hype songs. It's just going to be really weird and uncanny. No, use calm, maybe some lofi, maybe some instrumentals from movies that are calm, chill, cuz you want to curate a vibe with your video's music. And then lastly, b-roll is the videos or the footage that you
[45:28 | t=2728] overlay on top of your talking. Now, add b-roll only if it helps clarify something, not just to keep [ __ ] flashing on the screen, only if it helps clarify what you are saying. There's going to be a lot more on editing, but these are the basics to cut your editing time down from perhaps multiple hours to just 60 minutes while doing everything necessary for a viral video to actually hit. And this is the editing system, what I just showed you guys, that I also use to grow all of these accounts on
[45:58 | t=2758] TikTok and Instagram. This account 150, this account to 280, this account to 500k. Right? It's that simple. I really want to emphasize to you that I content really is not this extremely intricate thing where you want to overthink every single thing. There are a couple of things in your editing and in your scripting that are going to help you go viral and then there's a lot of things that are going to throw you off and just waste your time. And my goal with this presentation is to boil down as much as
[46:29 | t=2789] possible into simple steps that you can execute so you stop overthinking and you just post. It's simple systems that work. Right? So, you have to know what simple systems work and I gave you a couple of just now. And you stack on 1% improvements every single time you post and you just stay consistent. Okay? Now, a pro tip as well with consistency, this is one of the most difficult things as a creator, right? It's just realistically, it's just being able to show up on a regular basis. That's the hard part. Okay. Awesome. I'll give you guys a little pro
[47:00 | t=2820] tip here. Find people, join a community if you if you don't have people to keep you accountable. Literally, I am doing a posting challenge with two of my friends right now, three of my friends actually. And if one of us doesn't post, we have to send all three of the other people $30. So, that's If I don't post today, well, I already have cuz I'm I'm consistent as [ __ ] No, I'm just kidding. I If I don't post, I have to send $90. Put stakes on the line. That's a pro tip. If you really want to make this a serious thing, put [ __ ] on the line. In
[47:31 | t=2851] fact, you don't even need other friends who post content, it just helps because they understand the grind and they'll take it seriously just like you. But just tell somebody, "Yo, if I don't post, I will send you this money." They don't have to do anything. They'll just be like, "Okay." Be like, "I'm literally just doing this so I can stay accountable." It's the simplest form, but it's helped me stay consistent as well. Okay? Fire. So, let's recap everything we learned so far. So far, we learned how money is made with UGC. We got big picture the vision
[48:01 | t=2881] on how to monetize. And then we learned the simple blueprint to print viral videos. And then lastly, we learned how to post in just 60 minutes per day. All right, if you found value from this presentation, I'm doing way more of these live presentations. So, I'm going to leave a link to my next live presentation, which is how to speed run your first 10K followers on your personal brand. I'm going to be going through how I was able to grow four of my accounts over 100K followers across TikTok and Instagram, and how you can
[48:31 | t=2911] build an audience that knows, likes, and trusts you enough so you can eventually monetize off of your personal brand. I'll see you guys in that. the first link in the description to sign up for that free live class. I'll see you there. Peace.
