# s067  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApvIx02QIDU)

[0:00 | t=0] My name is Mino Lee and I've grown four accounts to over 100,000 followers across Tik Tok and Instagram. So, in the next 2 hours, this is quite possibly going to be the most valuable video on personal branding you have ever seen because it is not just tactical advice. This is going to be a create content with me where I'm going to be walking through my exact scripting, filming, and editing process, screen sharing everything while you do it along with me. And the process that I'm showing you actually created all of these viral videos which generated this much in
[0:30 | t=30] sales for me in the past week. So this video will be the most interactive guide you've ever seen to get you into the maximum creative flow state to create not just one, not two, not three, but five viral videos in just 2 hours. So without further ado, let's start with scripting and ideulating viral video ideas on a Google doc. Let's get to it. And timer starts now. And what I'm going to do is I'm just going to literally whip out a Google doc and start [ __ ] cooking. 10 ideas May 24, 2026. Let's
[1:01 | t=61] go. I've done this practice many times before, which is why you can see all of this stuff written down, right? And I'm probably going to be actually like hella mute during this. I'm going to turn on some music. Uh, damn. No music. That's fine. All right. I've already lost like 10 seconds or 30 seconds. just made. Okay. Uh I just
[1:55 | t=115] Here we go.
[2:31 | t=151] like this. I don't know about this three lessons, but what I'm going to do is I'm just going to skip that and just go on to the next idea because ideally want to whip out like five [ __ ] ideas in the next like 3 minutes. Um, Cold like brand profit personal Red
[3:03 | t=183] Three tips. I'm hitting flow state right now. Here we go. Usually that's in like two, three ideas in you just start hitting this [ __ ] flow where you're like, "Oh, I
[3:33 | t=213] have permission to make random [ __ ] ideas. Let me whip out a bunch more." And I think that permission helps me get into a good flow of ideas where they just start flowing eventually. Uh, mind you, none of these are that crazy box.
[5:32 | t=332] No, six, seven. Also have a couple videos saved that I wanted to use as inspo. Notice how I'm doing most of my creative process not from scratch, but by using real data, right, on what works. So, right here, I see these three videos say from this creator has been popping off recently, right? A couple other videos. This is actually Okay, let's see.
[6:02 | t=362] Post three times a day.
[7:37 | t=457] Oh [ __ ] [ __ ] I just lost 30 seconds. What the hell? Uh, notice how I just basically scripted out the outline for that one. The only four skills you need to build a cult like brand. Interesting skills. People like People seem to like skills. Build a 1 mill master.
[8:11 | t=491] Only four skills you need to build throat. I don't like this one. We're going to cut that one out. Make it even harder for ourselves. Uh inspo method. Inspo method. Let's go. Stop. Stop you. I heard this guy say I heard this guy say
[8:46 | t=526] I heard Horoszi say >> well. No, I don't remember any quotes off the top of my head. could be useful. But content creators, two types of 2026. Ah, that one didn't really do well. Paradox of being ambitious but lazy. The paradox of being ambitious but
[9:20 | t=560] amish. Lazy methods building your personal brand perfectionism. Okay. Yeah, there's a little lesson there. Fly sleep mindset
[9:50 | t=590] 100k eight. Ah, okay. Okay. Come on. Let's cook. Here. Eight beliefs you need to Here are eight beliefs you need to leave behind. I
[10:21 | t=621] leave behind. Is there a more like esoteric spiritual wording here? Cuz I know that'll hit more nichely. Here are eight beliefs I had to uh throw out of at least, you know, to finally reach 100k a month. Okay, now let's actually go back and revise the ideas cuz I have 46 seconds. Oh, I have 3 seconds left. Okay, well, we did it. We got 10 ideas done. All
[10:52 | t=652] right. All right. Okay. Okay. Here we go. Yeah, we have our 10 ideas. Now, here's what we're going to do. I really like the idea of this like forced timer cuz for me, I love procrastinating. And whenever there's like more work to be done, I always just like, h yeah, I'm just wait. >> So, we're not going to do that. We're going to set another three three to five. You know, don't give yourself too much time for this part. But basically now force yourself to revise some of these ideas because a lot of these are just not hashed out, which is fine. You know, you need to sift through the garbage to get through the gold. Uh so something I also like to do, uh which
[11:23 | t=683] I'll actually just do right now is just go to Claude and rank these content hooks/ ideas from most to least viral. Okay. And while it does that, cuz that's how I'm going to prioritize what to film first. Pro freaking hack, right? While that cooks for me, profitable personal brand. what I learned from Hamza. Uh, that's not a hook though. Profitable difference between a personal brand and
[11:54 | t=714] a mediocre personal and a what's it like derogatory is three is Oh, persuasion. Uh,
[12:25 | t=745] what are the actual meat of the video? Uh, what are three things I learned from Hamza? Uh, treat your audience like a pixel. Like a metapixel. The metapixel. Metapixel method. The just like funky names, you know, people like funky names. Pattern interrupt sticks out. Sticks out, you know. Uh Metapixel method.
[12:56 | t=776] Uh us versus them method, you know, us versus them method, right? He gets the whole Jeffrey verse Adonis. Uh, those two. Uh, okay. What's the last one? What's the last one? Uh,
[13:28 | t=808] what not to do. for selfation. Okay. All right. Three tips. I don't even remember what the three tips were going to be for this one. I'll probably like relegate this one to the bottom. I don't really like it or I have no clarity on what how I would actually execute this. How to full guide to starting
[13:59 | t=839] uh first 30 days, first 60 days, first 90 days, first seven days, first 30 days, first 90 days. Goal just [ __ ] JFP. Goal is JFP. Ah, first 90 days. I'm going to finish off this thought here. Goal is JFP. Goal is 10K views. soul is 100k views plus double down on what works. Find the
[14:30 | t=870] repeatable outlier. Okay. Yeah, that works. Okay. It's not the best. But now, let's see. I'm just going to kill this timer here. Let's see what Claude cooked up here. Don't be original as number one. Don't be original as number one. Honestly, I'm just going to take what whatever the freak he said, put it here. If this is actually what mindset of 100K month creator Yeah. Yeah. Screw it, you know? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? We're just gonna let Claude literally reorder here because sometimes we need to be told what to film because sometimes that gives me permission to
[15:00 | t=900] film, I guess. Honestly, how do I never run out of ideas? Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Honestly, I like wholeheartedly agree with this, which is the crazy part. I don't disagree with any of these points. Hooks master class. This is cool. Honestly, I'm I'm actually pretty surprised. You can also use Mino AI for this as well. Probably would be slightly better. Lazy method. Peros being ambitious but lazy. Yeah. The only issue here is that I don't have an idea for this. But we could probably I'm going actually remove this to the bottom just cuz I don't remember if I actually
[15:31 | t=931] had an idea for this. I don't think I did. Profitable personal brand. Yep. Brand master guide. Okay. Awesome. That's pretty much everything that we need from here. Now, what we're going to do is obviously film these videos. Oh man, this batch filming is going to be a freaking [ __ ] But but we're going to figure this out, you know? We're going to grind this out because, you know, it's 6:00 p.m. on a Sunday. I just want to chill. I just want to play video games. But we're not going to do that because we have a [ __ ] personal brand to build. We have viral videos to make.
[16:03 | t=963] And I want to make one thing clear before I start this filming, right? Look at these videos. Yeah, you might think, damn, like he gets like, you know, he got 300k views on this video. This video was filmed at 900 PM. No, no, 1:00 a.m. Sorry. It was made at 1:00 a.m. after I came home from a long ass day of work, and I was just like, "Ah, dude. I need to get a video out just for habits sake." This happened to be my best performing video. Um, in the past, bro, probably like, yeah, when was this posted? March. In the last 60 days, it's my best performer. Made at night at 1:00
[16:34 | t=994] a.m. just because I wanted to get into the habit of it. So, guys, some of your best videos will come when you least expect it. All right, let's jump into filming. Let's go. All right. Before we get into the filming section, you might have struggled a little bit with the brainstorming. And I know it can be very daunting at first to take these viral video concepts that you see on the for you page and actually translate them into your own voice into the most viral possible hooks and scripts. So, I actually created an AI tool that you can try out in the first link in the description for completely free that'll do the entire thought process for you
[17:05 | t=1025] that's trained off of thousands of viral hooks that have already been scraped off of Tik Tok and Instagram and 300 plus hours of me coaching directly and all of my content guides. So, just give me 30 seconds. I'm going to show you guys exactly how this tool works. So, you can try it out and you'll get an exclusive 3-day free trial if you use that first link in the description. So, basically, let's say I found this info video saved. All I'm going to do is copy the link to it, go to Mino AAI, and ask it to simply recreate the viral video. I'm going to paste the inspo video URL right there, and it's going to find the video,
[17:35 | t=1055] extract it, and watch it and transcribe the entire thing frame by frame. And what it's going to be able to do is break down the entire video. So, first, it's going to tell me what made the video go viral. And this is also based on all of the training that I have ever said in all of my coaching calls, all of my YouTube videos talking about what actually makes videos go viral. So in this case, if we're being completely honest, that's a subtle way in the hook to create intimacy. Nobody is obsessed with your brand. That's a direct attack
[18:05 | t=1085] on the viewer's ego, right? And then it gives me a reusable template. So, this is how I'm able to save time as a busy 22-year-old business owner to be able to essentially make all the videos that I post, and still be able to run my business, manage my team, and take all the viral inspiration that I see online and be able to recreate it in a tenth of the time using Mino AI. So, if you want to try a free trial of Mino AI, I'm going to give an exclusive link in the first link in the description. So, if you want to go back and retry the brainstorming, even if you feel like you
[18:36 | t=1116] struggled, go ahead, try Amino AAI and go back and restart the brainstorming. If you're already done and you feel confident with the ideas that you have right now, let's go into the filming. All right, welcome to the 25minut filming with me portion. Uh, right now I'm going to set a 25minut timer which starts now. And what I'm going to do is I'm trying to try to batch film somehow four or three to five videos in the next uh in the next, you know, 25 minute session. So that means I literally
[19:07 | t=1147] cannot allow myself to do more than one take, which is a beautiful part of this because now I kind of have to just yap whatever's on my mind, which kind of it's this way of like brute forcing authenticity. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to start screen recording on my phone as well. So you can see here I got my phone and I want to walk you guys through a couple of things from this uh from this session. So the first one I'm going to move this a little bit here is that notice my setup. You guys might think, okay, it's just a normal setup. Watch the difference if I don't have this light on. Look at the difference in
[19:37 | t=1177] lighting. It feels kind of amateur. Now look at that. It's clean. And I also bought these like $50 LED lights that can color change, but I made them blue to add a little bit of ambiance. And yes, I am staying at a hotel just so I can film these videos. Yes, I paid an egregious amount of money. No, you don't need to do that. Often times, actually, just filming your bedroom is how I made some of my most far away. I just happen to be staying at a hotel right now. Okay. And I also got these performative wired earbuds. Guess what, guys? I don't even use these aren't even connected to
[20:07 | t=1207] my freaking phone. Now, you can use them connect to your phone. Like, the mic is good on these Apple ear pod headphones. We don't need them. I use my iPhone mic when I film. Billion. And I'm going to put this performative white monster to make myself look like, you know, to match the vibe of the creator, you know, because people love content creators and like sophisticated performative [ __ ] right? I might split test hoodie on and hoodie off. Not that it really matters. I also notice I have a pimple on my cheek, which is kind of giving me friction to film, but I don't really give a [ __ ] So, right now, what we're
[20:37 | t=1237] going to do before I even start filming, and I know I'm wasting a bit of time here, is just do some stretches because getting my endorphins up is a pretty huge thing. So, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to jump up and down. 1 2 3 4 5. Okay. Next, what I'm going to do is I'm going to set a timer for myself for about 10 15 seconds and just force myself to laugh. Ready? Go.
[21:11 | t=1271] Jeez, that creeped me the [ __ ] out. And I literally am getting I'm feeling literally sweaty from doing that. I just watched Obsession last night, which is a brilliant movie. But the whole goal with that is to spark some endorphins. So hopefully your body literally felt a little bit uncomfortable. That's the feeling of you getting your nerves out. That's good. Okay, now let's actually start filming. Okay. And what I'm going to do is I also put this little notepad in front of me, this journal. Not because any of these notes are actually relevant to what I'm filming, but just because it literally helps make it uh a little bit more performative and signals
[21:42 | t=1302] planning. You know what I'm saying? Okay, I'm going to ignore this camera now and just go actually get locked into filming. Let's go. All right. All right. Here we go. I'm I'm nervous. And the first video is always [ __ ] you know? That's just like generally how it is. That's fine. Fine. That's fine. I grew three accounts to over 100K followers by rejecting one principle. Now, something I like to do also is chug caffeine just so it literally kills any ability to overthink. Incredible. Incredible. Incredible.
[25:43 | t=1543] Okay, I'm going to hit next and I'm just going to draft this [ __ ] because I genuinely do not have time to even overthink the execution of that. Did I film it well? Did I not film it well? Did I sound like a [ __ ] [ __ ] Did I sound really cringe? I don't care. I don't care. These efficient filmers don't even they film all their emotions tied up and then boom, they're done and they move on to the next one. Mind that's the mindset of 100k a month creator. Speaking of which, I need to actually plan out this video. Let's let's think through the script here. Belief number one, the
[42:36 | t=2556] and monetizing. That's going to be in my bio. So, sign up for that. Oh, wait. We just finished our third video and now we have one minute to spare. So, we're going to get up and stretch for a little bit. I know I probably wasted like two minutes of that timer or time trying to uh you know, come up with the come up with the right hooks or explain what I was thinking through. But my friend's also going to
[43:07 | t=2587] be here in like a minute or so. So, I'm literally just going to pick them up while we do our 10-minute break. Um, and yeah, I'm just going to cross off on my on my dock as well the three ideas that I already executed on. so I don't repeat them again. Okay, we're just going to do this. All right, and now we have seven ideas remaining. Okay, and we're going to do that in our next filming session as the timer literally is about to run down to
[43:39 | t=2619] zero. We're going to take a little 10-minute break. You know, do not scroll because that's going to once again ruin your focus, [ __ ] up your dopamine receptors. Do not scroll. If anything, you can do some breathing exercises together or just get up, take a walk, stay active, keep your body active because if you want to stay in a flow state while filming, you don't want your body to literally shut down and go into a comos state. Another thing, too, is I don't like to eat during my filming and deep work blocks because once my body is starting to digest food, my blood sugar might rise and crash, which is going to
[44:10 | t=2650] cause me to become eepy and sleepy, which is not what you want when you want to stay locked in, energetic, excited to film. Okay. So, let's take a 10-minute break, stay off the screens, and just try to stretch, move around, and we'll set that timer now. All right. So, our homie Charles just entered, right? We're in the midst of our uh our 10-minute break session right now. But yeah, our homie Charles just entered. >> What's up? You going to be focusing in the back while I'm filming to make this
[44:40 | t=2680] on extra hard? >> Cuz it's cuz I know you guys are probably thinking, "Oh, bro, I have a roommate, so I can't film." Well, I'm going to practice with a roommate here now. >> I'm here. >> And he's he's got a super big [ __ ] so I'm super intimidated by his BDE, too. So, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. >> Yo. Yo. >> Wait. Actually, that would be kind of funny. What if I What if I just like took my shirt off like Pause, mate. Pause. But yeah, sorry. You're saying
[45:11 | t=2711] >> Oh, it wasn't about filming, but um >> wait, I'll just keep this I'll probably mute it now just to uh just to like keep this time lapse going.
[51:42 | t=3102] What if you're like being an [ __ ] >> That's like the fried case study. >> It's actually the front. Okay. Walk it. Walk in walking. Walking walking. >> All right, the timer's up. >> Time to film. >> Let's go. >> You thought this was going to be some calm ah calm a porridor. Now we're getting hype. Let's get hyped. Let's get ready. Let's settle back into flow state. We got 25 minutes left to film four videos. Let's do it. All right, let's get hyp. Let's start our filming session. Let's
[52:13 | t=3133] get hype. Okay, I turned on some focus music this time on Brain FM. I'm not sponsored, but this helps me block out any overthinking from my brain so I can just purely focus. I play that on my computer. Let's go.
[55:00 | t=3300] Heat. Heat.
[1:16:56 | t=4616] games alongside the common alongside obviously the common good of being part of the community. That's actually a new record for me, too. That's actually a new record for me to to film 10 videos in the span of just an hour. But we did it. We did it, guys. And now we're going to move on to the editing portion, which, you know, we're
[1:17:27 | t=4647] just going to have as a minimum viable editing. I'm going to walk through exactly how I'm going to edit these batch filmed videos and how you can do the same to maximize the viral potential of your content. But let's take another 5minute break before we jump into that. All right, let's finish up with our 1h hour minimum viable editing session. Now, the reason why I call it minimum viable editing is because with editing, it's very easy, especially as a beginner to content, but also when you're just trying to build up momentum and your consistency, to overthink the editing
[1:17:58 | t=4678] and almost overdo it to the point where it actually hurts your video's performance. So, I want to show you guys the exact very simple process that I do with my videos to minimum viably edit them. And I'm just going to set our 60-minute timer here and get started with the editing. I'm also going to screen record this. So, like so. And we will get started. So, we're going to open back the Tik Tok app and just go back to the first couple drafts. And
[1:18:28 | t=4708] we're just going to get started here. So, we're going to go to this one right here. >> Here, the seven limiting beliefs I >> And what we're going to do first off is what I call a rough cut. And what I'm also going to do is I'm going to walk you guys through my editing thought process for the first video. And the rest of them, I'm just going to stay silent. So then you guys can also edit in peace, right? But let's start off with the minimum viable editing process. Starting with step one, which is the rough cut. And what I'm going to do is basically cut out either sentences that I think are either redundant or
[1:18:58 | t=4738] unnecessary to the video, as well as do the fine cutting of dead space, where it's like 0.2, 0.3 seconds of dead space. The seven are the seven limiting beliefs I had to grow out of in order to reach 100k a month as a content creator. Belief number one, the idea that quality beats creator. Belief number one, I'm going to remove the the idea that because I think that just slows the video down, especially in the first 10 seconds. >> The idea number one, the idea that
[1:19:31 | t=4771] number one, quality beats quantity. Quality beats quantity. There's a dead space there. So, I'm going to press it and delete quantity. Hear these seven. >> Okay, it looks like this clip just got repeated twice. >> Quantity. When you're pumping out the scale of actually running a business through your social media, you need to stop thinking about every single content p social media. You need to stop thinking about social media. >> Okay, I'm going to cut out the business part. >> Honestly, you need to stop thinking about every single content piece as this
[1:20:01 | t=4801] magical form of art. You have to understand that you are a production mat piece as this mal form of art. >> Yeah, I'm going to cut that part out too. >> It's quantity. You have to understand that you are a production company at the end of the day, which means you need to just pump out a video and then immediately at the end of the day, which means honestly got to cut that part out too and just do this >> quantity. You need to just quantity. You need to just pump out a video and then immediately on to the next without dwelling on how well that without
[1:20:31 | t=4831] dwelling on >> I'm going to cut out this little breath hereing on how well this video is going to do because that's going to take you out of the flow state necessary to be consistently producing number number two number two the obsession over being original. I used to genuinely take pride in my over being original. I used going to be consistently pumping out content enough to the point where you can
[1:21:02 | t=4862] actually >> I'm going to cut that part out. >> Being original become way three. Number three, I original. >> Cut out that dead space. >> Original. Number three, I had to become way more introspective. of journaling and meditation. These were necessary for me to actually develop the These were necessary for me to actually meditation. I'm going to cut this rest of this clip here too. A lot of times I just kind of like say an explan
[1:21:33 | t=4893] explanatory portion, but from my experience making and editing these videos, I've realized that just a lot of times I overspeak. Even now too, honestly, like you might be getting bored of me talking right now and it's very normal to overspeak in our videos and that's the goal of the editing process. Meditation four. This oneation four. This one's an obvious one, but stop scrolling as much because if you're scrolling and you're over consuming, you're going to lack the clear-mindedness necessary to also be
[1:22:04 | t=4924] articulate on camera. Number five. Number five, I camera. Number five, I had to give up this clinging to this concept of safety. If you stop post If you stop, if you stop post safety, if you stop posting for 2 weeks when you have 100,000 followers, guess what? Followers [ __ ] mean nothing. You're going to lose all the traction that you on social media. >> I got this >> on social media. Now you can social media. Now you can treat social media. Now you can social
[1:22:36 | t=4956] media. Now you can treat this as a bad interaction that you have on social. Now you can treat this as a bad thing or you can treat this as a way to constantly self-develop to be more comfortable with risk and boldness. Comfortable with risk risk. Number seven. Number seven. I number seven. I had to develop a ruthless level of optimism. People have told me for the past 3 years, "Yo, are you sure social media is going to be a long-term career?" Yet my business has
[1:23:06 | t=4986] continuously be a long-term career. Yet my business has I'm going to cut out continuously. >> continuously business has continued to grow. Has continued to grow. >> Take a fat breath here. >> Grow. And number. And number seven, detaching from worldly outcomes. Worldly outcomes. I used be so obsessed with views and
[1:23:38 | t=5018] make I used to be outcomes. I used to be so outcomes. I used to be so obsessed with views and making sure people would see my page and see, oh, he's a viral creator. Oh, he's got motion. And once I finally learned to let go of that slowly. Mhm. Cut this part >> slowly that we're by reminding by
[1:24:12 | t=5052] slowly by reminding myself every morning that dude we're going to [ __ ] die. None of this [ __ ] matters. All of these videos are going to be burned to the ground in a none of this [ __ ] matters. Burnt anyway. This [ __ ] matters. No matter matters. No matter how rich, famous, successful I become in this lifetime. It's not going to matter once I'm dead. It's not going to matter. Matter once I'm
[1:24:43 | t=5083] dead. So all dead. So all of this [ __ ] is just fun and games anyways, you know? Don't worry. We're just here to have all of this [ __ ] is just fun in games anyways. Come on. And that's all this is. That should be the most that should be the mo that should be the most that should be that
[1:25:14 | t=5114] >> and that should be the most encouraging sign to encourage you. And that should be the most and >> there we go. about this repetition too. >> And that should be Anyway, that should be the most encouraging sign. That should be the Anyway, that should be the most encouraging sign to [ __ ] create something today. Here are the seven limiting Here are the seven limiting belie. And there we go. We've done the rough cut. We've cut out all the repetitions and dead space. The second thing we're going to do is add auto
[1:25:44 | t=5144] captions. I'm also just going to make sure the volume is at 200%. That's just like a personal preference to make sure my videos are as audible as possible and apply >> in order to reach. Now, we're just going to hit the captions, auto captions here, and let Tik Tok load that for a second. It's also really late right now. It's 11:40. It's 11:50 right now, but we're grinding
[1:26:16 | t=5176] this out. And that's oftentimes how content is. It's late at night, but you're getting the content done. That's the most important thing. Okay. Now, we're going to hit style and do custom. And this is my preferred auto caption style. But if you're new and you haven't gone consistently viral and found that like winning editing style, just copy mine, honestly. Uh, what you're going to do is hit this. And now you have these clean small auto captions. Like what I like to usually do as well is split it into uh one line at
[1:26:46 | t=5206] a time. I had to grow out of in order to reach 100k a month as a content creator. Belief number one, quality beats quantity. I'm also just going to do hashtag. You need to just and we're going to do a couple spelling checks here. Um just to make sure that you know all the captions are actually spelled properly cuz that's going to take you
[1:27:16 | t=5236] out of the flow state necessary to be consistently producing. Number two, the obsession over being original. Number three, yeah, we're just going to continue this process. I had to become way more introspective. So, journaling and meditation. Number four, stop scrolling because you're scrolling your
[1:27:46 | t=5266] clear mind. It is necessary to also be articulate on camera. Number five. There you go. This clean to this concept of safety. If you stop posting for two weeks, you have 100,000 follow 2 weeks. When you have when you have [ __ ] mean nothing. You're going to lose all the traction that you have on
[1:28:18 | t=5298] social media. You can treat this or you can treat this as a way to constantly self-develop to be more comfortable with risk. Number seven, I had to develop a ruthless level of optimism. People have told me for the past 3 years, yo, are you sure social media is going to be
[1:28:49 | t=5329] continue to grow? that
[1:29:30 | t=5370] something today. All right. Awesome. Now we have these. I'm going also remove the here are the just seven limiting beliefs. Honestly, it keeps one line but keeps it also clear. Okay. And now I'm just going to make it a little bit larger and make it a little bit more centered. And then lastly, now what I'm going to do is I'm going to add a text. So the mindset of a love creator.
[1:30:01 | t=5401] Okay, here we go. So we have that >> reach 100k 7 limit. >> Now I'm just going to add little 1 2 3 4 quantity. I like to sometimes add little midv video overlays or text just to keep it engaging throughout. Number two, the
[1:30:47 | t=5447] I'm going to add also a CTA here at 10 seconds in. P.S. I'm teaching a free live class how to in my bio.
[1:31:18 | t=5478] And there we go. how well that's video is going to do because that's going to take you out of the flow state necessary to number two. The Okay, number two, the obsession over being original. Originality is a myth. Originality is a myth has become way more introspective. Three, spend way more alone time. I'm just going to add these captions here just to help keep it
[1:31:50 | t=5510] engaging throughout for this one's obvious one but for digital detoxing digital detox number five I had to give up this number five the false sense of security.
[1:32:22 | t=5542] Okay. Five. The false sense of security. Number six. Yeah, I accidentally said seven here. Number six,
[1:32:53 | t=5573] uh, pessimism kills growth. I'm going to add a little subtext here cuz I think it'll be helpful. Uh, you will have slow months. Get stuck.
[1:33:36 | t=5616] But let's see. You have slow months. Get stuck. But I just say this is normal. >> Number seven. Detach. >> Stop chasing views.
[1:34:13 | t=5653] Okay, here are the seven limiting beliefs I >> Okay, and there we go. So, we've fully done it. Now, grow out of in order to reach 100K as a content creator. Belief number one, quality beats quantity. We need to just pump out a and then I'm going to just add a little caption semin
[1:34:49 | t=5689] how to speedun your first followers this week. tune in. Okay, here the seven limiting. All right, so now we have that. And in more options, this is key actually because you want to be able to cross post this onto Instagram. What we're going to do is just make sure that there's a save to device, right, which is going to autosave basically this video in full HD
[1:35:20 | t=5720] quality without a watermark to our camera roll. So, we're just going to post video and let that cook. So now >> today's day six, >> it officially just took 18 minutes, 17 minutes, and we just edited our first video. So that's how you can edit in just the span of 15 minutes and still get a super clean edit that is also, you know, super uniform and clean for both Tik Tok and Instagram, right? That is awesome. Now, we're just going to immediately go on to Instagram and I'm going to post this initially as a trial,
[1:35:51 | t=5751] right? And here these seven limiting beliefs. person do this comment dream to tune into my free on speed running followers teaching how you can speedrun
[1:36:28 | t=5788] okay And now I'm just going to trial it and send it up. >> The harder you train, the strong. There we go. We did it. So now I'm just going to let this actually post. Going to make sure. We're just going to refresh it on Tik Tok as well to see if it actually got posted. Here are these
[1:36:59 | t=5819] seven limiting beliefs I had to grow out of in order to re and sometimes you just need to see just to make sure it gets its literal first view to see if it actually gets posted cuz sometimes content just randomly gets taken down on Tik Tok. Genuinely Tik Tok's algorithm can be really freaking annoying. But we're also going to let this post two trial reels. Okay, so we're just going to let this cook and see. And we're just going to let this give it a second. Sometimes Instagram literally takes 10 years and that's fine. Yeah, sometimes the Instagram literally takes so long to post. Oh, got some
[1:37:30 | t=5850] water.
[1:38:02 | t=5882] Okay, I think it should be finished posting. We're just going to check our trial rules here. Okay, seems like it's up now. We're just going to make sure it's posted onto Tik Tok. There we We got our first view, >> which means it is fully posted. >> Let's go to posting our next video or let's go to editing our next video. We got another 39 minutes here. Let's move
[1:38:33 | t=5913] on. But yeah, that's the general gist of editing. So now I'm just going to let this overlay play as I get into a deep editing flow state and let's uh continue to edit your videos as well. Let's get into it.
[1:39:09 | t=5949] Hey up.
[1:39:41 | t=5981] Heat. Heat. N.
[1:40:54 | t=6054] Heat. Heat.
[1:43:37 | t=6217] Hey, hey, hey.
[1:44:32 | t=6272] Heat. Heat.
[1:46:14 | t=6374] Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Heat. Heat.
[2:04:52 | t=7492] All right.
[2:05:31 | t=7531] Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat.
[2:06:18 | t=7578] Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Hello.
[2:06:51 | t=7611] Hey. feel. Doo doo doo doo.
[2:10:27 | t=7827] Oh, hey. Heat. Heat.
[2:11:04 | t=7864] Come on.
[2:11:44 | t=7904] Heat. Heat.
[2:14:18 | t=8058] Hey.
[2:14:58 | t=8098] Uh-huh. Nobody's Bye-bye.
[2:16:20 | t=8180] Byebye.
[2:17:07 | t=8227] Bye-bye.
[2:17:50 | t=8270] Heat. Heat. All right, so the 1 hour timer has finished. I'm just going to finish up
[2:18:20 | t=8300] this one video real quick. Should probably take another 5 minutes. All right, and there we go. We're just finishing up posting this final video. And you can see here now we have up four videos. One, two, three, and then the last one, four up now on Tik Tok. And there we go. Now, I will go ahead and edit the next three videos probably tomorrow, but it's probably going to take me another 45 to an hour,
[2:18:53 | t=8333] right? So, feel free to do that on your own time as well. But hopefully this tutorial was helpful. If you found this video helpful and you want more direct help from me, I have a private community where I coach creators, right? And we've already helped 60 creators grow to their first 10,000 followers across Tik Tok and Instagram on their personal brand. So, if you want to build a personal brand that can actually help you monetize and make a full-time living as a creator, go to that second link in the description to apply to join Content Academy. Other than that, thank you guys
[2:19:24 | t=8364] so much for freaking watching. If you found this helpful, yo, let me know in the comments which part you found the most helpful. If you want more videos like this, please let me know. I thought this would be a really fun spin on the study with me concept. I always find myself watching this kind of like Pomodoro style video from this guy Justin Sun on the internet. So, it's a little bit of an interesting video style, but if you found this helpful, let me know. I'd love to do them in the future, too, where I'm just kind of going about my actual video process. If you want to see more videos like this, I guess you can hit that subscribe button
[2:19:55 | t=8395] if you want to, you know, if you want to. Ah, stop. Okay. Okay. I'll catch you guys in the next one.
