[00:00] Yeah, so fun. I'm glad we had this. Microphone luckily look where So Adam What about the algorithm? Oh my god. Where are you from originally? Uh Sicily. Oh nice. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I love Sicily. Sicily is really nice. Yeah. The food was unbelievable. I couldn't believe the food. It's true. The food is amazing. The little The little The sweets. Disaster. This is the real interview. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The backstage. Yeah, you got to tell me where to eat and tell me the restaurant. I mean Granita, you have to try granita. It's a sort of ice cream but yes, but with 

[00:39] fruit. Like Yeah, yeah. crazy tasty amazing the taste Ciao Adam. I'm very happy to be here with you. Welcome to Milano. Thank you so much for having me. Excited to be here. Do you like Italy? I love Italy. I try We spend a week or two here every year with the family so it's really fun for us. So have you already taken some cool pictures to post on Instagram? Yeah, maybe. I don't know if they're cool or not but I just spent a week in Rome with my family and they just flew back yesterday and now I'm here for work for another week. But do you know any Italian idioms like Mamma Mia, Buonasera? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Buongiorno. So show me your Italian. I can't speak it all. You give me something to say I'll try and say it but I definitely definitely mostly I my I'll 

[01:26] I'll tell sometimes here with my kids I'll yell at them in Italian tell them like you know, to Come on, let's go or go to the table or you know, come on and just like So like that kind of thing. And you have you have to know that here in Italy we also love to speak with our hands. Always. Like this. Yes, this is our signature move. Do you know what it means? Well, it means different things in different places. Yes. So here it means what are you talking about? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um my dad was raised in Israel. Uh but if you go back far enough, Egypt and before that Italy. And so they do a lot of this. But they use this more to be like yeah, what are you talking about? But also um like enough. Like wait, like you know, they'll say like in Hebrew like 

[02:17] like What? And it mean like uh stop, enough, like what's your problem? You mean that kind of a thing. No, in Italy here it's much funnier like Yeah. What are you talking about? If you do this here, everyone will understand you probably. Exactly. Yeah, well I will try to keep my hands on my on my on my legs. Okay. But should I call you Adam or Mr. Instagram? What do you prefer? just Adam, please. Please, I much prefer Adam. But do you like Mr. Instagram as a nickname? That sounds It sounds It sounds too formal. I think that um I mean look, Instagram is this wild thing, but there's there's thousands of people who work there now and billions of people who use it. And 

[02:57] so I see my role as just trying to support it as best I can. And I'm really excited about my new role as a meta ambassador. We appreciate your help. Especially as a mother to help people use Instagram in a better way, which is basically what you are doing every day. So how do you help people all over with the world use Instagram in a good way, in a healthy way? I think it I mean there's different ways. I mean what I try to do outside of my normal job, which is to try and set goals and build the team and set the strategy or support the strategy, is I also try to do a lot of this type of thing where I explain what we're doing, why we're doing, what's coming up next, how the world is changing. I try to do it for average users and I try to do it for parents. I try to do it for creators who use Instagram to make a living. Um I feel like the more transparent we 

[03:51] can be and the more effectively I can explain and the better. Um and that has costs. It takes time. There's a lot of you can imagine my comments and my DMs aren't always the most friendly. Um but it's I think an important part of the job. Of course. And when I was preparing this interview, I thought wow, leading Instagram today is like being the president of a huge country. No, no. You have so many responsibilities. There is a lot of responsibility for sure. I think um it You want to You want to balance two things. You want to embrace the responsibility and the scale, but also stay humble and understand your role and what is appropriate and what is not. Mhm. Cuz on one hand it's billions of people. It's an It's a like an a huge platform. People explore interests and make a 

[04:38] living and do their jobs. On the other hand, you know, it's something that a lot of people spend tens of minutes a day on. And it's just one small part of a much bigger Mhm. of their life. And so you try to keep both ideas in your head at the same time. That's true. But what's a typical day like for you? I was joking about this earlier cuz someone um it is I mean if I'm home on a normal day, it's a lot of meetings. I spend a lot of time in meetings with spreadsheets and emails. It is not fun or sexy or It's like a you know a lot of data, a lot of meetings, Uh-huh. a lot of reviews, documents, presentations. But then I go and I do I go out and I travel a fair bit for work and so it might be I mean with some creators, do some interviews. I might meet with some 

[05:25] policy makers. Um I might um you know, I might meet a head of state, you know, um I might get a bunch of feedback from a bunch of users or go to a research session. Uh and then might all happen in the same day. So it's very different things from minute to minute or hour to hour I should say. Mhm. Um but then I go back and I I to meetings and spreadsheets. So, meetings, basically. Always. I try to carve out some time in the morning to think. Uh-huh. Cuz I feel like I mean, I'm sure I'm curious how you think about this, but life is moving so quickly, you can get caught up in the day-to-day, whatever is crazy happening today or tomorrow or this week. And it's hard to find time to reflect. But often your best ideas, your your 

[06:11] best opinions come in when you have a little bit of space to stop and think. Mhm, it's true. try to schedule time to stop and think sometimes, but I'm not always good at it. For me, normally is before going to the bed. Like there, I have a lot of ideas. I don't know why. Yeah, yeah. But probably it's because my daughter is sleeping. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You have a little window when after the kid goes You start to think about something, then I fall asleep immediately. My head is so scrambled after fighting my three boys to go to bed for an hour that if I have half an hour afterwards, I'm usually a bit of a mess. So, I try after they go to school, before I start meetings, I try to have a window. And how much time do you spend on your phone? A couple hours a day, probably. I look 

[06:53] sometimes. I can check now if you want. Yeah, all right. I'll check also. Okay, okay, we'll see. Let's see. Where did I put it? And I want to see also how much time do you spend on your Instagram. Oh, yeah, we'll see. Well, I have I have a couple versions of Instagram, so it's not going to be fair. Okay. Cuz I'm always testing the new ones. I have to say I'm really proud of my numbers. What do you Oh, let's hear. Let's hear. You got to share. You can't just say that. No, no, no. I have just 2 hours 26 minutes, which is like perfect. Yeah. And 15 minutes in Instagram. This is not showing Something's not It's not showing to go on the app. 

[07:27] in the wrong one. Hold on. Like No, you have to do like this. Look. Oh, you Oh, you do it there. Yeah. I like the An hour and a half today. But I got to I got to switch devices. Hold on. An hour and a half. Today. Today. Ah, okay. Okay, last week What? 3 hours and 58 minutes. Ah, wow. Um, you've got You can't see Instagram cuz it's all the different versions at the bottom. Uh, Facebook WhatsApp is my primary texting. Mhm. Chess. Chess? How do you like to play chess? I I mean well, I'm trying to learn. I 

[08:05] don't play chess. I play chess. I'm really, really good. I'm not. Really? Uh, I'm learning well, because I started playing cuz my 9-year-old, Nico, started playing and I would play and you know, then, you know, he started beating me. And so, I was like, uh-oh. So, now I'm trying to learn because I can't I got to learn more so I can teach him. Uh, and so, I've been trying to take lessons. I'm getting better, but I'm not I'm not My My 9-year-old is much better than me. And what's your relationship like with your community? Because before you were saying to me that you receive a lot of comments. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like also a lot of DMs. So, how do you decide which ones to reply to? Oh, yeah. I mean, that's tricky. So, I try to go every I have a lot of to-do 

[08:50] lists. And And they have a lot of recurring tasks. And one of them is to check my DMs every week. Mhm. Not my normal DMs. I check those every day, but the requests folder. And I just go through maybe 10 or 20. Uh-huh. Just And I don't might not respond to anybody. It's helpful for me to get a bit of a sense for how people are feeling. Are people excited right now? Are they mad? If they're mad, why are they mad? What are they mad about? And if someone's being reasonable, I'll reply. If they have a question I can give an answer. Spontaneously. Yeah, yeah. And that always freaks them out. But if they're just yelling, then I just I just don't reply. Because when I started working for the 

[09:28] zone, I received a lot of criticism because, you know, like we were trying to do something new in the world of football, soccer. Yeah, I know. Football is football most of the world. You can call it football here. And people were upset just because, you know, like sometimes people don't like change. Yeah. So, I know innovation is a big part of your job. So, you must face a lot of backlash, right? Yeah, I mean, that is the world is changing more and more quickly. And so, if we want Instagram to stay relevant, we have to change with it. Otherwise, if we were just Imagine if Instagram was just square photos. Mhm. No video, no stories, no DMs, just one feed square photos. We probably wouldn't be here talking today. So, we need to evolve. 

[10:15] At the same time, when we do change Instagram, if you spend half an hour or an hour on Instagram every day, and I come and I rearrange it, Mhm. it's just going to make you mad. Cuz you had your Think of it as your desk, where you organized your photos and you wrote your letters every day, and then I just changed it all. I didn't ask you. Uh-huh. Maybe I said, "Why?" Maybe it is better, maybe it's not, but you don't care. You're just like, "Why did you mess with my desk?" Mhm. That's how I think how people feel Yeah. about Instagram. That's true. So, we have to balance those things. But I would rather I lean more into change, uh and occasionally have to slow down, than not change enough and be cuz I 

[10:50] think if you don't change enough, you're going to become irrelevant. Especially as the world changes more and more quickly. So, that's the conscious decision, but I'm I understand and I accept that it's going to come with a fair amount of criticism and negative comments and DMs. But the very first thing about you on your Instagram bio is that you are a father of three boys. Yes. How old are they? Uh Nico is nine, Blaze is seven, and Elio is about to be five. And how do they use technology? Also, with chess? Chess. Well, they play chess Mostly Mostly we play on a board. Um they they use um so, what do they do? Uh on flights, they're allowed to iPads and they watch they mostly watch, you know, movies and TV shows. Uh, and then on the weekends 

[11:41] they're allowed time but they have to earn their time. Uh-huh. So I used to have it where you had an hour and if you if you misbehaved, you lost 10 minutes. Uh-huh. But that really didn't work. They got more and more mad and they misbehaved more. Uh-huh. And so I switched it, my wife and I, and we decided no, it's better to be positive and rewards oriented. Mhm. Then and so we now say like, you know, if you don't fight and you do your homework, like you're in 10 minutes and every day you're in 10 more minutes. And then you get to your hour whatever it is and then they can spend it and they they just my 9-year-old loves Minecraft. Mhm. My 7-year-old likes playing um, sillier games. They play mostly games. 

[12:21] Mhm. But they have to earn their time. And then you have to have set boundaries. Of course. That's the key. That's the hardest thing though, right? Yeah. Yeah. Is how do you say no when they're mad? not easy for me to set boundaries. But I'm trying. I'm starting, you know, to do it. Yeah. Because she's uh, young. She's just She's too little for it, yeah. Yes. When you're in love. Yeah, yeah. She'll yeah. I I But are you a united front with your wife always when you set boundaries with your kids? We try to be. It works sometimes. Sometimes I feel like she changes her mind and I'm like, no. Like we agreed. 

[12:53] Um, sure I do the same. Uh, we sit and we talk about it. So we have to we like I actually think this is important for any couple with kids is to agree on on what is going to be allowed and not allowed for your kids in terms of technology use. And then um, and then to stick to it. And if you want to change it, that's okay. But that has to be another conversation. You can't just on the fly when you're mad or when things are hard to say, ah, whatever, just give them another hour. Cuz I think that's how uh, things start to get much more difficult to manage. And I think as a father, uh being a father of twins is also your decision as the head of Instagram. So, there is something you think about now that you would have never considered before becoming a dad? 

[13:41] I don't know if there's something I would never have considered, but it certainly weighs on me, right? As my kids get older and they get closer to being old enough to use social media, it be it's one thing to understand the risks of social media and phones and the internet to 13, 14, 15-year-olds. It's another thing to think about it in the context of your child. You know, Nico, 4 years he'll be old enough. You know, do I think he's ready? No. Uh will he be ready at 13? Maybe. Uh another thing that became very clear to me is I mean, you only have one so if you ever have more, you'll see this. They they're so different. They're so different. And so, when Nico versus his brothers are going to be ready is probably going to be different. I can imagine one who's more mature gets access to a phone or gets a phone earlier and one who's less mature, maybe 

[14:30] I wait another year or two, right? Um every child is different. Platforms need to do what they can to keep all children safe, but parents ultimately know what's best for their children cuz they know their children. And I think I probably am going to make different decisions for different children. I don't think I would have thought that uh before being a dad. And as a dad, have you ever had a conversation or a special moment with your kids that influenced a decision about the platform's future? Or they are too young maybe now? Probably they're too young. They ask about it. They don't really know cuz they don't use it, but they've heard of it. They know it's an app, you know, they it's but they're like, "What's an app?" I was like, "Well, you know, you know when you play a game on your iPad, that's an app." They're like, "You make 

[15:14] a game?" I was like, "No." They don't So, they kind of get it, but no major things yet. They're Um I don't even know what it is. I think they think I think they think it's cool cuz they've heard it's cool, but I don't really know what it is. So, how do you hope Instagram will be by the time they are teenagers and they will understand what it is Instagram? Um 4 years, it's going to change a lot probably. My hope is that it helps them safely explore their interests and connect with their friends about their interests. I cuz I think young people, particularly teens, they're trying to figure out who they are, what do they love, what do they want to be? And I think Instagram at that young an age is probably best for that. Particularly when we do well with different types of 

[16:02] educational content, right? So, my middle one loves football, soccer. So, you know, I sometimes save videos of soccer drills. And then I'll share them with him later. You know, my older one loves Minecraft and chess, right? You know, my youngest one uh everything. So, we'll see. It might get more specific later. And so, I would hope that they can connect with their friends who share those interests on the platform. How will it be different in 4 years than or 6 years or 8 years than today? Um but I think that'll be the thing that is valuable to them as teenagers. So, speaking about teenagers, I'm really happy to talk about the new teenager account because I've already spoken about it on my podcast and also we did an amazing event here in Milano. It was great. Yes, it was great. Do you know why? Because was such a beautiful moment we 

[16:54] can because we had the chance to speak not just with the creators, but also with their parents. Yeah. So, it was really really nice. What inspired this idea? It was a long time in the making. We've launched a lot of different tools to help keep teens safe on Instagram over the years. Block, restrict, private by default, reachability settings, lots of different things. But, parents are busy and they can't keep track of every new feature that we build. And so, the idea to start was to try and uh take all of those safety features and organize them into one simple-to-understand feature. Or um And then, when we did it, we also decided, "Okay, let's audit all of the features that exist and let's look for opportunities to make them more 

[17:42] consistent, to make them stronger, where are there things that we can do more of?" And then, so we did that, too. And then, that So, it started out as just a collection and then a bunch of improvements. And so, like some projects do, it snowballed and got bigger and bigger. And so, then we tried to make sure we organized it as best we could in a way that was going to be as to do two things. One is to be a set of automatic controls so that teens and parents didn't have to really worry about the settings, but to also empower parents who had the time and interest to go shape the experience into what's particularly good for their teen, for their child. So, do you think teenager account can help bridge the generation gap between teenagers and parents? I'm hoping. It's tough, though, right? Cuz if you if you make the teen accounts 

[18:33] too restrictive, then teens will try to work around them. They'll lie about their age, they'll have a second account that they don't tell you about, or a different phone, or they use the web instead of their phone. Teenagers are very savvy. They're going to figure out ways around it. Uh but, they also they want to be safe. They don't want to be bullied online. They don't want to have negative experiences on Instagram. Um so, you have to find the right balance. Is it protected enough that they're safe and that they feel good about it, but not so restrictive that they're just going to go try and work around it? Um and I'm hoping that if you can do that, they'll use it and they'll talk to their parents about it, and the parents have something to talk to their kids about, or an entry to that conversation. Mhm. You should talk to your children about 

[19:15] how to use Instagram, how to use social media, how to use your phone. What's safe, what's not, what what are your boundaries? Mhm. Uh that needs to be a conversation and an agreement up front. So, do you think Instagram can truly become a space that supports the well-being of the new generations? That's what we aspire to do. I But I want to also be honest that, you know, we know that there's 2 billion people on the platform, there are risks that come with being on any platform of that size and being on the internet. Um but I want us to be the safest platform out there, and I want to be one that not only empowers teens, but also empowers parents to make the best decisions for their teens. Mhm. Is there something you have done at work that you hope one day your kids will be proud of? 

[20:00] Ooh. I don't know. Maybe teen accounts. I don't know. Maybe that'll be a long time in the future. They're not proud of anything I do right now. Aw, that is not true. No, no, they don't They're just They're just They're more interested in their, you know, having fun, football, Minecraft, that kind of thing. Uh Easy stuff. Pokémon cards. They love Pokémon cards. Aw, okay. It's wild. Yeah. They collect, they argue, they fight, they negotiate, they They negotiate also. Yeah, they fight about them. I I now collect Uh-huh. so that when they disagree, I can be a 

[20:32] third party in a trade, and I can be I can make peace. Are you having fun? No. With them? No. I try I try. But you have to meet them where they are. Like your your your kids are going to be your kids, they're not you. They're not going to have your interests. Mhm. And so you have to try and adopt some of theirs. Mhm. Uh so that cuz if I ask them, "How was your day?" They don't answer. "Fine." But if I ask them about what Pokémon card they traded, or about a football match, or about you know, Minecraft, they'll they open up. Mhm. And so I try to meet them where they are. I need to take some notes Well, you just you just started to speak 

[21:13] I assume. Yeah, yeah. Yes. And I want to speak also about this mysterious, almost mythical war that everyone talks about, the algorithm. The algorithm. The algorithms. So, how it works and what it is. Please explain. Yeah, there are So, there are many different algorithms, but usually what we're talking about is ranking. Um algorithm just means a set of steps to organize. So, it could even be just, you know, it could not be AI or machine learning. It could be very simple, but generally what people mean is they mean ranking on Instagram and other platforms. Uh now, what we're trying to do is make the most of your time. Maybe you spend half an hour a day on Instagram, and maybe you see 100 things. 

[22:01] But you follow maybe 200 people or near there's thousands of things you could see from them. Uh there's billions of things uploaded online every day that you might be interested in. So, we try to go and find the things that are you're the most interested in and then surface them first. And how recent something is is one indication of how interested you might be, but it's not the only one. So, it's not strictly chronological. I know this is contentious. I know there are some people who are just like, "Just put everything in chronological order." But when we do it, we see that Instagram is less interesting. People use Instagram less. Which means there's less reach to go around for every creators. So, the average account gets less reach, less followers, and the average user is less happy about Instagram if you ask them. They use it less, but even if you say, "How much do you like Instagram?" they 

[22:48] say less and less and less over time. So, we try to we rank to try to make Instagram interesting, to grow the overall pie. It's good for our business, it's good for creators, it's good for users. But to also give people tools so that they can shape the experience. And you know, the ability to override the algorithm, to pin your favorites to the top, to go to specific feeds or search. Um, and it's a constant work in progress. People think we make big changes. We almost never do. Uh, what we make is lots of little changes every day and it slowly changes over time. So if you see a huge change in your reach on a Tuesday, we didn't make a big change. Something else happened in the world. Um, but we do change every day and those changes add up slowly but surely over time. How many fake stories have you heard about it? And what's the funniest one? 

[23:38] Just the funniest one. There's usually these there's both the superstitions. They're like, okay, like if I What are the superstitions I've heard that have been kind of funny? It's always random. Like superstition like what? Well, it's like, yeah, like I know like if I don't look at the likes or comments for the first 15 minutes, it does better. Not that. Oh, yeah. Definitely heard that. Is this true? No. Oh, okay. This is crazy. But it's always like that. Cuz people they have an experience and something worked and they assume it's because of something they did and it might not The content might have been better or maybe there's less competition that day. Uh-huh. 

[24:14] Or maybe what they did was more relevant that day cuz something in the world was happening that was related to what they said. Mhm. Um, but yeah, people always they they come up with all sorts of I try to every week on my Instagram and my stories, I answer about 10 questions. Ah. Uh, and I try to and a lot of them are about the algorithm. I call it uh, asking anything or AMA. Mhm. Uh, and I do it I've been doing it for maybe 6 years now. Oh, really? And I still get questions about the algorithm every week. It's not easy to understand. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It takes time. But speaking about funny things, 

[24:51] um, how people react when they realize that they are face to face with with the head of Instagram? Most people don't recognize me. Yes. Sometimes they do, but usually they don't. They don't. They get But sometimes you see I mean, I don't know. You probably are much more recognizable here in Italy than I am in the States. Yes, in Italy, probably. Yes. But you know when someone sees you and they talk to you normally and then they realize halfway through and and they do the thing? That does happen sometimes. And what's your relationship like with the celebrities? Because I bet you receive a lot of requests also from from them. If you want to share one with me, I promise I won't tell anyone. Just between me, you, a few friends here. 

[25:30] That's A few cameras. A few cameras. A few Instagram stories. Um I mean, I get to meet one of the biggest perks of my job is I get to meet a lot of amazing people in a lot of different industries and a lot of different parts of the world. Um I get a lot of feedback from from public figures, the same way I get a lot of feedback from users. Um I try always to find the signal. So, what's the best um you know, what's the best idea? What's the What's the most important complaint? What's the realest thing? Mhm. Um uh But I also try to learn. I actually find um Sometimes I end up in conversations, they want to know, "How do I get more reach? How do I evolve? How do I grow? 

[26:12] How do I grow my followers?" And I try to give them the best answers I can. But I also try to learn about their industries. How does your world work? How does football work? How does fashion work? How does news work? How does entertainment work? For me, it's really fun and exciting to understand these different industries, the businesses, the people, the personalities. Mhm. Um and then to hopefully take some of those ideas back and hopefully feed them back into our team and our strategy and what we can build. But also just for me, cuz it's fun to get to be in this role where I get to travel the world and learn from people and try to get a little taste of different cultures, whether it's the food or the language or the culture or the art. Thank you so much, Adam. Yeah, thank you for having me. 

[27:00] But, to wrap it up, I want to take a selfie, the perfect selfie. What do you think? Yes, the Oh, yeah, you're probably better at selfies than me, no? Really? No. I think so. No. Okay, we'll try. I have selfie stick arms. I have a long arm. I know, I don't have that. Let's do it like this. Okay. But, let's end with your signature move. Thank you, Adam. Thank you so much. Yeah, it was so fun. I'm glad we had this. Microphone, luckily. Look, we're So, Adam, what about the algorithm? Oh my god. Where are you from originally? 

[27:37] Uh Sicily. Oh, nice. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I love Sicily. Sicily, it's really nice. Yeah, the food was unbelievable. I couldn't believe the food. It's true. The food is a It's a little It's a little bit sweet. That's true. This is the real interview. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The backstage. Yeah, you got to tell me where to eat in Palermo. Granita, you have to try granita. It's a sort of ice cream, but yes, but with fruits. Like Yeah, yeah. It's crazy tasty, amazing. The taste is wow.