[00:00] Hi, Adam Meri. Hi. Thank you so much for taking the time. Welcome to the channel. Thank you for having me. I'm excited to be here. We've got loads of topics to see together. You're 42 years old. You're the head of one of the biggest social networks in the world. It's of course Instagram. Instagram has between 2 and 2.5 billion active users. That's what I looked up online. That's about like a quarter to a third of the world's population, which is kind of impressive. Um, I'm of course one of them. um as a content creator, as a journalist, also as just someone spending some time online. And so today I have lots of questions for you. We'll talk about your job, talk about meta, talk about content creation. uh also talk some you know sensitive topics which I feel are important about misinformation, online harassment, mental health, AI all those topics and see how you view those questions as a head of uh of Instagram to yeah see and and try and understand 

[00:56] what happens um behind Instagram. So thank you so much again for a lot to cover. I'm excited. We'll try and cover I hope it'll be good. I'm sure it'll be interesting. Um so to start with um you've worked at Facebook and Meta for almost 20 years. Quite a few years now. Yeah. I started 17 years old. Yeah. Yeah. I was 2008 I started as a designer like a just a entry-level product designer. I was 25 years old. Okay. And then you did so many things at Meta. And since 2018 you've been the head of Instagram. Uh what does that mean? Uh what exactly do you do and what don't you do as a head of Instagram? It's a great question because because Meta owns a couple different apps, there is stuff that is shared and this the stuff that is what we would say federated. So ultimately I'm responsible for the app and most of the teams that work on the app report directly to me particularly if you work 100% on Instagram. So I manage an engineering team, a design 

[01:53] team, a research team, an analytics team, uh a product management team and some others. Um, but then there are other teams that we lean on a lot. Um, you know, there is one infrastructure team that supports all of the apps. There's one ads team that supports all of the apps. There's one safety team that supports all of the apps. And so I will I will have infrastructure ads and safety teams as well, but they are sort of Exactly. Um and then I'm also responsible for supporting um partnerships, policy, legal, marketing, communications, uh what we think of as the business functions as well. So I try to think of the app from end to end and um hire the best people I can and help guide them forward um but support them ultimately um as opposed to necessarily direct them. Instagram started as a photo app uh quite a while ago. Feed of only square photos. Only square photos. Um and today 

[02:58] it's clearly way more than that. So how would you describe Instagram today? And for example, how would you uh say it's different from Facebook or other platforms that may exist today? So a lot of what we've done has changed and Instagram has become more complicated over the years. I think it's a little too complicated if I'm honest, but working on ways of simplifying, but the heart of what we do has stayed the same. We've always looked to connect people over creativity, right? Be a place where creative people like you can express themselves and then the rest of us can not only enjoy that content, but talk to our friends about that content. How we do that has changed. you know, we've added DMs or messages, we've added stories, we've added reels, um, notes over time, but the core needs that those products or those features are meeting stay the same. Uh, and I think that'll continue to be the case where I think the product will change in the next 5 or 

[03:56] 10 years, but those needs I think will stay the same. But you also but you also asked how we you should go too but if you want me to answer um how differs. Um we are I think more focused on a subset of groups like young people and creators and Facebook and we have I think a broader range of tools to hopefully enable more flexibility to creatives than things like YouTube or Tik Tok which are more specialized just on video. M and so I was asking myself like how you define a social network like Instagram would you say today it's the format but at the same time you see that like of course format are changing you know evolving like very fast is it like this goal you just defined here like what's the main thing you say would stay like all through the years is it this goal you just talked about this question of for Instagram yeah but for a social network it could be broader so I think of a social network as a place where people can connect with content and 

[04:58] friends and the content is generated by creat well public accounts and private accounts. So user generated content connecting with content and friends. So you know you might have platforms that are much more focused on a specific format like clubhouse and audio. You might have uh networks that are much more focused on a type of content like at least LinkedIn started focused primarily on professional content. They've actually expanded a lot since then. Um, usually we all start with a specialization and then we broaden, you know, um, and that that and then we and then we and then we compete. And we've seen it with other platforms, of course, we've seen, you know, Tik Tok trying to do long videos and even us like we we've been trying to post like some 10-minute long videos on on Tik Tok and now they're working sometimes better than like short form and we're like, "Oh, that's that's weird." Um, YouTube, of course, is trying to do short videos. 

[05:50] Spotify is trying to do video, too. Um, what about Instagram? Like, how do you navigate through all of those changes? Yeah, it's it's wild. So, there's a lot of ways to think about it. Um, I'm making space here. It's a podcast. I don't know if anyone's going to like be able to see this. Um, the way I think about it, um, or at least one way to think about it is there are three different types of experiences. Um, and you can't do all three. Well, I think you can connect with friends. That's one type of experience. There's short form video, that's another. And then there's long form video, which is another. You can do, I think, really good work around connecting with friends and short form video in the same app. And you can do really good work around short form video and long form video in the same app. I don't think you can do connecting with friends and long form video in the same app really well. Because if I watch a 

[06:40] video for 10, 20, 30 minutes, that's a lot of messages to friends, commenting on friends, seeing friends photos and videos that you did not do. Whereas with short form video, what happens is you watch a lot of them and you send some to your friends in a DM and then it starts a conversation and that brings them back into Instagram and then they see some and that send it to another friend. So those things are symbiotic in a way long form video is not. YouTube has always been very focused on maximizing the amount of time spent on the platform. Tik Tok actually similarly, which is why I believe they're leaning more into long form video. We don't go our teams on time spent. Time spent is I think a nice measure of how relevant we are in the world, but it's not our primary goal because if we do that, we would go all long form video and we would lose that friend part, which I think is really at the heart of our identity. And I don't think we can lose that. But at the same 

[07:34] time, you could think that like and Tik Tok does it quite well today that like um on even Instagram on wheels like having lots of short form content would make you stay on the app and so sure for sure form video can definitely drive time spent. I think one of the reasons Tik Tok has struggled even though they have had some success on more friend type content is because they focus also a lot on longer video and on time. So that's why I think some of their stories products haven't done as well. They've done better with messaging because I think short form video is good there, but you know they made their friends tab the a be real app tab for a while and that didn't really work. They've had a bunch of different fits and starts and I think that's partly because their primary goal is overall time and that really is in a lot of tension with seeing content from friends, messaging friends, commenting on friends content and connecting with friends and all the 

[08:30] other ways you can do. Yeah, totally makes sense because we can we can also see like YouTube for example, they've integrated some shorts. It's working quite well today. I mean, I see it on at least on my accounts, but they also tried to do like a sort of a social network thing with like friends and stuff and that didn't work. I don't I don't even know if it's still there today, but like at least they tried and Yeah. They had stories for years and it didn't work and they had messaging for I think six years and they unlaunched it a few years ago. Yeah. So, it tends to show Yeah. long form as you're saying is maybe not compatible with this sort of friends. They're just more intention. Interesting. Um and also we've seen especially like in Asia or in China um the building of like what sometimes people call super apps. So like WeChat for example. Yeah. WeChat basically for those who don't know like you can message, search, pay, shop, do like 

[09:20] order, you know, cab like do so many things with one app. Pay your rent. Pay your rent. Bank people keep a budget. Uh they have a they have a decent float actually. We chat and some of these other major apps and like if you're over there like you need this app to basically like do most of the things today which is kind of impressive. We've seen like Elon Musk with X for example trying to I mean that's what he says like build a super app by integrating you know messaging so the whole social media thing video payments uh AI now which is very strong too over there um is that like a goal for Instagram too or for Meta to have a sort of a super app not explicitly I think there's value in them but I also think what works in China doesn't necessarily work outside of China and we see that in a lot of different ways so one Small example live video if you look at any of the Chinese networks it is an immense percentage of time spent on them 

[10:15] uh something like 20%. Whereas on all of the apps that we can tell outside of China it's less than 1%. Uh there's just something different going on in China. I think it has to do probably with how the media works around censorship around, you know, freedom of speech and that you can't get some of that type of content on TV the way you can on um some of the super apps the way you can in in France and Europe and the US and a lot of the rest of Asia. And so there's just some big differences. And even when you look at countries that are obviously different, I want to be sensitive here, but culturally approximate in a lot of consumer behaviors to China like Indonesia, you just see these huge differences. So now look, I think Elon is taking X in a new direction. Um, I think it's interesting. We'll see if he's successful or not. But for us, I think that opens up some opportunities. I'm happy to compete with X on video with Instagram and then to compete with 

[11:13] X on perspectives and conversations and debates with culturally relevant creators with Threads because I think threads is better at that than Instagram and I think we'll be better at that than X over time. And what's also interesting is to see that we've um seen like more and more you know social media or even like formats arrive in the past few years but also like be adopted by the be like the users in a in an increasingly like fast way like Instagram in a few years at least in France like managed to get like millions of followers but also like short form you know reels or like formats you know today like if you go in the subway like you'll see everyone watching those formats and it's the same for like other type of content um this idea that like things are going faster and faster that like adoption of like new formats is you know evolving in a sort of a fast way. How do you see this this question today and how does it impact your work today? It just creates 

[12:10] even more urgency and uh and makes agility and speed even more important and but look this is a long trend is that technology is advancing faster and faster. If you look at what I would call like the dominant forms or the primary forms of communicative media or technology over time, their reigns of of being the primary sort of have shortened, you know. So uh let's go like go if you go back a h 100red years you know I think that film was actually big before the radio and that lasted many decades and then radio was really important but it kind of became the primary thing in maybe the 20s and that only lasted until that lasted the 50s or 60s and then TV became important and then that lasted for a couple decades and then the internet and websites became important and that lasted for maybe two decades and then apps became important and then you that's lasted for less time. And so you're seeing these 10 years of these 

[13:09] primary ways that we entertain ourselves or consume information or connect with friends, they they their their reigns as sort of the the champion or the lead is shortening over time as technology evolves more and more quickly. And so for us, the question is how do you evolve? Because I know it's annoying and frustrating when Instagram changes. It feels like I came in and rearranged your desk where you talked to your friends and wrote your, you know, letters or organized your photos. But if we didn't, we would become irrelevant. If we were a feed of square photos and we didn't have recommendations, we didn't have stories, we didn't have videos or reals, we didn't have DMs, we wouldn't be talking today. You'd be talking to somebody else who worked on a different app. And so, we need to be careful. We need not to move too quickly. I don't want to break anything, but we I would rather take more risk and move forward more quickly than the alternative because 

[14:07] that's usually how big apps become irrelevant. So interesting. Yeah. So yeah, it means trying out new stuff very often and seeing what works. And it means trying out new things. It means being willing to adopt and copy competitors when they show that they can meet that same need better. Don't copy everything. only things that are aligned with your reason to be. It also means planning, you know, so we have so many things happening this year. We have, you know, the the political environment is changing drastically. You know, tariffs, yes, tariffs, no, who knows? We have uh a potential Tik Tok ban in the US. We have, you know, this massive thing cards that are going to get flipped over and one I don't know what's going to be on the other side, but it'll have I know it's going to have a big effect on Instagram. And so I make sure that I have my teams try to look around corners and plan for different outcomes so that 

[15:03] we can be quick to adapt when we do see what's on the other side of each card. Yeah. And we'll be talking about quite a few of those changes um especially like in terms of AI and like how AI for example may change some some stuff. Um so as you said Instagram is part of Meta which is owned by Mark Zuckerberg. um a few months ago he made a big shift in his messaging. He said that was in an interview in a quote the masculine energy I think is good and obviously society has plenty of that but I think corporate culture is really trying to get away from it. Um I think having a culture that celebrates the aggression a bit more has its own merits that are really positive and he said also like he wants to bring back free speech to the platforms. Um, all those questions raised concerns among a lot of users. Um, what should people expect from Instagram this year after this shift, you know, in the d in the direction for for the group? Yeah. So, I do want to 

[16:01] tease things apart. So, there was the masculine energy comment which was one comment in a three-hour podcast, which I don't think was connected to the broader shifts happening to the network. Um, I think it was a little bit taken out of context, but I understand why there was such a strong negative reaction to it. But I do think the more substantial changes were the changes we announced in early January around trying to focus on making less mistakes and enabling more speech. Uh, and look, we we have we are global platform and what is accepted and expected varies from country to country. you know what seems like m maybe here in France you'd look at one of our policies and compared to the US and you would think we're being too conservative um or um but if you were in Iran you'd probably think we're being wildly too liberal the definition the definition of free speech depends uh if you're in the US or if you're in France there's not at all the 

[16:57] same way of seeing and also even just the the idea of the value of free speech free speech is a like a core tenant of our ex our identity as as as you know Americans it's you know the first part you know amendment in the constitution so it's like a whereas like you talk about the right to free expression in Europe it does not resonate in the same way at all but I do think we can all agree that there are different equities that we need to balance we need you know safety is one privacy is another uh those things can be intention and speech is another And those things can be intention. Nobody here in Europe likes it when we take their content down if they don't think it really does violate our community guidelines. And so we're always trying to balance those equities. The changes in January weren't related to masculine energy. They were related more to how we try and balance those equities. So the big thing that was the theme across all of them was we want to 

[17:54] make less mistakes. There are billions of things uploaded to the platforms a day. you know, millions of things reported, if not more. If we make a mistake on 1% or 10%, that means like even just 1% actually, that means that there's hundreds of thousands and millions and tens of millions over time of content that we take down that we should not have. And I just think we were making too many mistakes. And so we've tried to make some changes to the policies, yes, but to how we enforce the policies, how much we rely on reports versus algorithms, um, and things like that to try and minimize the number of mistakes and be public about it. Cuz every 3 months we post, uh, a report of all the content takedowns we have, how many are there, how many were proactive, how many were reactive, how has that trended over time, and what we're going to add now is and how many mistakes did we make because that is another key part of the 

[18:46] equation. and Meta talked about the idea of ending a sort of a medialed factecking by maybe replacing it with a system where basically the community can like yeah like check content and like see what's true, what's not and like add basically I mean I would understand it like uh X does today. Um is that something so you're willing to do on Instagram and do you have an idea on like how this will work? Yeah, we we've started to roll it out. still early, but the idea is to instead of rely on third party fact checkers who have there's pros and cons to working with those organizations um to work with the community at large and it doesn't mean anybody can add a com community note to anything but you allow anybody to propose one or trusted users to propose one and then other users vote on them and then where there's broad consensus then resurface it. I actually was very involved in building the third-party fact-checking 

[19:43] program back in 2017 and 18 because I was Oh, that was a long time. Okay. Yeah. I was working on newsfeed off for the Facebook app. This was in the wake of President Trump's first election and there's a lot of concerns particularly in the US about fake news. Um, and I, you know, we were trying to do the best work we could, but honestly, I don't think it ended up being nearly as successful as we wanted. Third party fact checkers are limited in how much content that they can do because there's only so many of these organizations and we have to pay them to do it. there are biases and their selection even if they always give an honest answer is if it's true or not what they picked to actually approve is um we saw a lot of biases and it was just fundamentally much more difficult to scale whereas I feel like the community notes approach which all credit to Twitter they pioneered um is I think a more scalable one and so we're pursuing it um now time will tell if we 

[20:37] can be successful or not but the idea is not to ignore the issue. The idea is to quite the opposite, address the issue with a more scalable solution cuz I mean on a personal level that's just like how I see it. But I love the idea of like community factecking because I feel like I prefer like this concept from like having a company or like a government saying like that's true or that's not true. So the general idea I feel like it's something that's ideally would work very well and would be very interesting. The only concern I have and I see it on X today is that um often you get some content that where the community notes uh they tend to get on the on the content like way too late. Yeah. basically like a few days or a few hours after like the content has been published and so this you know you can have a fake news with like millions of views and it's only like after a while that this content is is really notice 

[21:31] but yeah also since Elon Musk took over X and reduced content moderation. The spread of false information has grown significantly. This has raised major concerns for democracy and many organizations have the same fears about Meta if it decides to take a similar approach. It's a real concern. It's actually more of a concern with third party fact checkers because they are there's less of them and and um there are organizations that are tend they just tend to be much slower than the community. But it's still an issue with community notes, right? I want to make sure I'm not pretending otherwise. You if you do not move quickly, then by the time you get involved, it might not be even helpful to add the community note because all the views have already happened. Yeah. Because like people will start to fact check something if it get views. So it's often way later. And so just to understand how you see this today. Um so of course we've talked 

[22:24] about this problem of like um being like reactive like and and yeah speed regarding this. Um but how do you view like a platform like Instagram today regarding like fake news and everything? Does that mean that like if something like there's uh fake news like something that's completely false will it be like deleted or will it be able to stay on the platform but with like something saying that this content is not true or the latter it would the idea is to not censor people for saying things that aren't true but provide context um because you know I could say the sky is green and it' be weird for me to for the platform to take that down but it's not so you should know that you know when you see Generally, we want to empower people to make educated decisions about what to trust and what not to. Um, and I mean, look, we'll probably talk about AI in a bit, but we're moving to a world where you're going to be able to create an 

[23:18] image or a video of anything you want. Uh, and it'll look real. And so, as you try to evaluate um the the veracity of a piece of content, you're going to have to consider not just what you're looking at, but who said it more and more. So I also think community notes aside, we need to do more and are starting to do more to give people context about who's posting. I want to protect pseudonymity. I don't want to make everybody put their real names everywhere. There's a bunch of downsides to that. But are they is their account verified? Like do they do we at least know who they are? They've they is how long has the account been around? What country is the account based in to allow you to make a decision on whether or not to trust something or not? because you're going to need to consider much more in the future who's saying something um than you have in the past relative to what's being said. Okay. Yeah. And so how do you think do 

[24:14] you think AI how does that how does AI change this? It's the fact that you get more and more content that can be produced that can be fake and sometimes it's obvious like if it's like something you see that's fake and it's like even like in a yeah it's going to be like a humoristic thing. How do you see those contents on your platform today? And what's the biggest issue or goal for you to manage those? So, I actually think there's a lot of exciting opportunities with AI generated content. Um, I think that it should enable a bunch of people to be more creative. It should enable creatives to produce more and better content because it's usually not make something from nothing. It's usually part of your workflow. So, you know, you can it's not even necessarily like glamorous, but you know, you you're making a reel there seven clips. You can make all the color line up so it looks like they're all on the same day cuz you know, you're facing the light, you're 

[25:04] away from the light. You could add a hat that you forgot to have or a prop, that kind of thing. Um, but there are risks too obviously. Um, I think a couple different things. One, we want to make sure anything that's made with AI is labeled as such. So, you know, if you use any of our tools to make it, it's labeled and there's an ability to add a label if it's not. We cannot detect everything that was made with AI from everybody because that's a bit of a an arms race that is impossible to win. Uh, we can do some work there though. Um, and then we can provide more context about who's saying it so that you can make decisions about what to trust and what not to trust. But Instagram aside, like you will be able to make a video where you could just take a photo of me, a video of you saying whatever you want and then have it look like me in my voice, but it's you saying it even if you said it in a different language and then you could post it and you could 

[25:53] make me look as bad as you wanted. That's going to be able to happen. But is it from you? Why might you say that? Are you based in France? You know, did you did you schedule did you sign up for Instagram a week ago? These are the things that are going to be important for people to evaluate whether or not they should trust that this is authentic. And I I see it I mean I've seen it on some social media uh with like some people taking my voice taking basically the format of like my videos and just changing what I'm saying to like so sometimes it's like funny stuff and like obviously you understand that like it's just AI generated but sometimes people use it to like spread like fake news or like some stuff and you're like oh that's scary because even myself I see it. That's what we were saying earlier. I see this content when it has already like hundreds of thousands or millions of views and I'm like, "Oh, that's too late for me to do 

[26:42] anything because the content is just getting anyway." So, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's tough. It's tough, but it's the world we're moving into. But I would like to know if I see it, is it is it a verified account or not? You know, if it's your name and it's verified or if it's, you know, but if it's not your name and and or it's not verified, that changes things. Um, is it based in somewhere in Eastern Europe or in you know Russia or somewhere where there's like we know that there's more negative content that comes from not all of it but a lot of fake content comes disproportionately comes from those parts of the world um things like that signals of trusted patterns of like way of and is there a way for meta today to instantly understand if a content is AI generated it's too difficult to not perfectly uh there are ways to detect But it's the the technology to our conversation before is changing so quickly um that we we do not know for 

[27:41] sure if everything that is created is created with AR or not. Cuz by the way, a lot of times it's a hybrid, right? You we've used Photoshop for years to like touch things up. It might not even be airbrushing. It might just be like getting rid of spots from, you know, photographs back in the day. A lot of those tools can and do use machine learning and AI. uh to make sure you can use the stamp tool so you can get rid of you know your pimple when and you take a piece from here and put it there. Um, so just saying is this manipulated in any way is is our and by the way again we we always talk about AI as if it's push a button get a piece of content I think that is a thing but the much more common thing is it's used to edit in a longer creative process whether that's a positive creative process like telling a story or a more you know malicious process like trying to spread a piece of fake news. Yeah. And if we take and then we'll move on to another topic but like 

[28:37] if we take I mean the worst case scenario we we could imagine for like any social network social network which is a group whether it's like a political group or anything a group who like uses AI to produce a massive amount of content uh spreading whether it's fake news or anything but like publishing like hundreds and hundreds of like uh fake news for example in this type of situation What would be uh Instagram Instagram's role in that? Yeah. What would Instagram do? So that risk predates AI, right? Cuz now what you have is, you know, a content farm and what we call coordinated inauthentic behavior. So um CIA is what we call it internally. And so what we're looking for there is patterns. Are there things that are happening that look like it's some sort of collusion or organized effort to spread? It might not even be misinformation. It might just be propaganda. You know, we saw this with R 

[29:37] coming out of Russia a bunch, you know, particularly four, five, six, seven, eight years ago. Um, and so there we're looking at what are the IP addresses. What does the network of connections look like? Um, how are they using it? They're very sophisticated. Uh, just like spammers where they pretend to be people. They adopt those patterns. They don't post at local late night times if they're pretending to be in Texas, even if they're not. Uh they post, you know, a few times a week, not every second of the day. They become friends with each other. They post things that are not about the propaganda or the misinformation in addition to the actual um sort of agenda content. Uh but we're getting more sophisticated. We work with governments around the world to try to identify them. Uh we have a whole investigations operation and set of teams. uh when we identify it, we don't always remove it right away because usually it's useful to take one account 

[30:29] and then branch out and figure out everything everybody else they seem to be working with and then we take the whole network down at once. Okay. And so you might take it down if you see that it's a sort of an organized automatic. Okay. Yeah. If it's coordinated and authentic behavior, we take the whole network down. Um we might not take the first account down that we find cuz we want to make sure we leverage that and don't let them know that we're on to them until we find all of the connections and then we'll take the whole thing down. Did you differentiate like one guy just saying something that's not true with like an organized way of spreading we're not the truth police. We're not going to go and take down content that you say that's false. But if you're using our platform to try and have a coordinated attack on uh on a government or on democracy or on propaganda that is 100% if we find it we take it down and that's the whole 

[31:17] network and it's fully done. It's not a piece of content done. That's the accounts are all blocked. the IP addresses are all blocked. We try to make sure we handle because that's that's that's election interference usually. That's that's pretty serious thing. That's a serious thing. Yeah. Another updates and important thing that happened after the interview. Meta has now launched its AI assistant called the Meta AI on a large scale. This launch sparked in Europe strong reactions with many voices calling to block the use of users personal data. So, we've already talked about this on our other formats, but we'll go into more details soon to explain the whole debate. Uh, we'll talk about like content creation and like all of this and the algorithm. I have quite a few questions in a few in a few minutes. But just I had another uh topic I wanted to talk to talk with you. Um, another sensitive topic about mental health uh on social media. You had a a 

[32:11] US study published in March 2025 that showed that 40% of young people being treated for depression or suicidal thoughts also have problematic use of social media, not only Instagram but like social media in a broader sense. Um also in 2021 um internal meta documents revealed by the Wall Street Journal showed the company knew about some risks for for teens. Uh so that was like in 2021. um in 2025 uh almost four years later, what have you done uh as a group to fix those uh those issues? So, I want to be clear with some of the issues that we're talking about, things like, you know, well-being or even things like, you know, bullying. There's no 100% fixing them, right? These things are human, right? Teens and kids, they harass and they bully each other. That's going to that's as old as time. Now, does that mean we should just accept it? No, of course not. We have a bunch of responsibilities. Um, but I want to make sure that I'm honest with two and a half 

[33:14] billion people on the platform or whatever it might be, not everyone's going to check their baggage at the door and only bring their positive self to the platform. And so, our job is to minimize the bad and maximize the good. Now depending on the issue you're talking about um whether it's problematic use which we define as using a product more than you really feel good about or bullying or negative social comparison you know there's different things that we have tried to do uh to minimize the risk and to minimize any sort of downsides. Um, for teens specifically though, which matters most cuz our youth matters most. Um, the big thing is that we took all of the tools that we've built over the years, audited them all, looked for inconsistencies, but also opportunities to go further and improve and put them into a package we call teen accounts, which is actually rolled out here uh and worldwide at this point. Yeah. Saw some ads a few a few 

[34:07] weeks ago. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we want people to know about it. And what teen accounts are are a really comprehensive uh set of automatic protections for teens to try and keep them safe and give parents some peace of mind. It's about who they you know uh they're private by default. So who you can post to, who can interact with them, right? So only people that they're connected to or you know pe adults they don't know can't even message them at all. What content they see. We don't send notifications in the evening. remind them to maybe try something else once they hit an hour for the day, even if it's not all in one go. Um, and parents, if they want, can go and change those settings, but the defaults, because we know a lot of parents are busy, are very careful and safe. And if the teen and if they're specifically under 16, so if they're 13, 14, or 15, and they want to change those settings, they need to get their parents 

[35:02] approval or permission to do so. Um, now this isn't entirely new. Some of those features have existed for years or many years, but some are also new. U but the idea is to just try to make sure that there is a clear, safe, age appropriate experience for those under 18. And I know you have kids. I don't have some yet. I don't have kids yet. But like I guess it's a question like all parents ask themselves like how we should deal with social media for our kids. Like should we give them accounts at what age? uh like should we look at what they're doing? Should you have an access to the account or like should you just leave them doing what they want to do? Like more on a personal level, how do you see this question? How did you do it yourself? I have three. Uh they're not old enough to use social media. You have to be 13 to use Instagram and they're are nine, seven, and about to be five. Um they use tablets and you know to watch movies on 

[35:58] planes and increasingly play video games. But look, I I think there are some things that are universally true, but there's a lot that is specific to the child. So, yes, you can't use Instagram until you're 13. Uh, and I'm excited about my kids using a safe version version of Instagram when they're 13, where they can explore their interests and connect with their friends over their interests. But are they all going to be ready at 13? I don't know. I can imagine a world where one of the more mature ones at 13, I'd feel very comfortable. and one of the less mature, more wild ones, I might want to wait until they're 14 or 15. Um, because ultimately, I think every child is different and a parent knows best what's appropriate for their child. Uh, and that has to be uh, well, it doesn't have to be, but it should be a parent's decision and it should also be a conversation because I actually think what matters a little bit more about 

[36:48] whether or not you give them access to it or not is uh, do you give them good information so they can make good choices and do you set clear boundaries and stick to them and I think those are hard. Uh, so our responsibility as a platform is to make sure that things are safe even if a parent does that. But I strongly encourage parents to consider those two things and we try to find ways to support them in doing that by building tools for them, educational materials for them and outreach to them like the marketing you saw. Yeah. Because especially I feel like there's a sort of a group pressure you know when I was in high school that was like a time you know you had Facebook, you had Instagram but it was not as big as today. Um, I remember like Snapchat for example was a big thing and uh high school I I was old enough but like in in like before that you had some you know this sort of group pressure of like oh you're not on Facebook or like oh you 

[37:41] should be on Facebook and like I can imagine like discussions with like parents who are like you know they're like no you won't have Facebook today and at the time kids would be like yeah but everyone has it I'm not the I'm the only one not having that's what makes it the hardest is your kid comes and they tell you everybody else has an iPad everybody else has plays Minecraft. Everybody else uses Instagram. Why can't I? And one, they may not be be telling you the truth. My kids lie to me all the time. Um, but it makes it much more difficult as a parent um to say no. But I think I mean I say this my family, my boys all the time. All they're all boys. Um I'm like different family, different rules. Um and that's hard. I know. Um but it's I feel like it's my job as a dad. And coming back to those some of those issues and questions. Um, one thing we've heard a lot about is all the questions about like anxiety and like body image issues like how do you see 

[38:33] yourself by looking at others on social media? Um, especially like uh among younger people but not only um how do you see this question as a head of of Instagram and how especially you know we've talked about AI, we've talked about those things. We know that like it can help like change a face or like just make it perfect uh in a way. um how do you navigate through this question? And just to add some context here, back in 2021, the Wall Street Journal revealed that Meta knew through its own internal research that Instagram could harm young people's self-image and mental health. One internal study showed that one in three teenage girls who already had body image issues said that Instagram made them feel worse. If you follow the channel, you know that we covered this story several times. That one's a m one of the trickiest. Um, so there what we're really talking about is social comparison, comparing yourself to others. And by the way, there's two 

[39:32] types. There's negative social comparison and positive social comparison. If I look up to a role model and I emulate their good behavior, that is positive social comparison. Um, but if I am looking at an unrealistic, you know, definition of beauty and I feel bad about myself, that's a negative social comparison. And there's nothing more human than comparing yourself to other people. And so, both are going to happen offline and online. But there, it's very difficult for us to know when it's healthy and when it's not. I'll give you an example. I've had a number of friends who have really struggled to become pregnant. Um, I got one friend in particular that I'm thinking of right now. uh lost a number of pregnancies uh to miscarriages. So for her, and I talked to her about this using Instagram, when she saw someone else post pictures of their new beautiful baby child and how excited they were and the nursery and the clothes, etc., it 

[40:27] was incredibly triggering and upsetting for her. It was negative social comparison. Now, for you looking at that same photo, it might not be problematic. Probably wasn't problematic at all. For me, it wasn't. And for the platform, there's no way to know. So there that's one of the reasons why it's particularly tricky. Um so we've tried to build some tools. I think the most powerful is a bit of a um a big uh tool that I don't recommend everybody use, but if you end up in a negative place, she my friend ended up in this place where she had followed a bunch of baby accounts and then lost the pregnancy and her whole explore page was all baby related content. So, she's in a really bad spot now because we think she's all into it and it's the worst thing for her. You can do a full Instagram recommendations reset. So, we basically forget everything we know about your interests and we start from scratch. And so, you know, if she if she 

[41:22] used that tool, which this was years ago, so it didn't exist yet, her her explore would have been as if she had just signed up for Instagram. It would have had no baby content most likely. Um, now if you or I use it right now, it's going to make your Instagram much worse. I'm not sure what you're into, but we wouldn't know either if we if you did that. And so it would just be very generic um broad interests. Yeah. Cuz I guess I mean the fact of being like like looking at something that makes you feel not good. It has always existed like you know reading a newspaper like watching television like you could have a content that be like oh that's triggering something with me that's not good because I'm feeling this or that way. But I guess the main difference is that now with social media, you've got this algorithm thing that means that if you watch them something, even if it doesn't make you feel good, you might get another one, another one. And so I guess 

[42:12] that's if you interact with it specifically. Yeah. So this is the tension between what we I would call first order and second order preferences, right? So I might really like looking at these sad videos of like wounded puppies getting rescued or something like that. So I might always watch them, but it's fundamentally making me sad. But Instagram doesn't know it's making me feel sad. It just sees that I'm watching them, so it's showing me more. So that's when things like the reset is important. You can also say that you're not interested in things. Yeah. You got to think like interested or not interested on each and actually um uh hidden gem maybe is in explore. If you mark something as not interested, you can long press to do that. Uh or long press and go to the dot dot dot on Android. It'll ask you if you want to do others and you can do batch. So, you can 

[43:00] just select as many as you want in your explore. Like just select like I don't want this this this. I don't want any of these, right? Um uh and that will also help particularly if you don't want to do a full reset. Uh but you're just like I'm getting you think I'm interested in I don't know pets and I'm not, you know, you can just select all the pets you see and hit no and hopefully we can figure it out quickly. Interesting. So I feel like that also I mean of course Instagram and social media have all those issues to like like get on but like what I'm also understanding is the fact that it's also a question of like um awareness and like education like for everyone to get to understand like how social media works, how uh your content is being pushed and like in what ways you can sort of trigger the thing to make a change in a way or another. Yeah. And so I want to make sure that you don't have to know about all of these tools and these tricks and that the 

[43:52] experience for most everyone is not only safe but positive and brings value to your life. Um but I also know that it's not you're never going to you know bat a thousand to use an American expression around baseball. And so you need to build tools like this and then raise awareness about those tools so that when people inevitably end up in some negative situations that there is some way to get out of it. And so I want to talk now about the algorithm itself. It's always like the big question everyone ask themselves. Um sometimes there like questions sometimes some myths around how they work. Lots of I can't imagine. If I tap my heels three times and I don't look at the likes for the first 10 minutes, then everything goes, the video will just work very well. Um, so in 2025, what makes a post work well on Instagram? What are like the main, you know, factors, the main thing that make a content work on Instagram? So if you if you are I mean 

[44:52] in terms of what you're actually creating it obviously depends on the creator and the audience but in terms of if you want to evaluate what how well your content is doing. The thing to look at to that sort of gives you the best sense of if it did well is its reach but the but that doesn't tell you why right that's not that useful. It's like oh I know it did badly. I knew it did badly like thank you for telling me that. Um so if you want to understand why uh the three most important things are uh sends per reach or send rate. So basically take the total number of sends and divide it by the total reach, likes per reach, same idea, and then average watch time if it's a video. And so basically it doesn't matter necessarily if it got 10, 50, or 5,000 sends. It matters more if you know if we got 10 out of 20. 10 out of 20 is way better than 5,000 out of a million. Yeah. Um and that'll give you a sense for why this was a sendable 

[45:54] um photo. This was a likable uh carousel. This was a video that people watched a lot. So the the average watch time um those things are going to there are other things that matter. Saves matter. Comments matter. Do you tap on the profile? Do you follow the profile when you get there? But those three matter the most. And I mean so those are like questions maybe not everyone ask themselves but as a content creator or even like as a media it's some questions you may have does like those things you just talked about sends per view also per reach. um you'd say it's more important than um the format itself because like for a while we were hearing like oh now Instagram is a video platform so you have to do reals and stuff and sometimes and at the same time we're doing other stuff too. How do you see this question of formats? Is it Yeah, they they intersect, right? So, it turns out that reels tend to be more engaging because there's sound on and 

[46:51] there's moving image. You kind of get sucked in. You're more likely to like, you're more likely to send it to a friend. Uh, so they interact. Now, that's not true for all reels. I can create a really boring reel that'll underperform an amazing photo that you take. That's so it's not these aren't universally true, but they are averages. On average, reals are going to get more engagement because they are more engaging. We've tried to one be honest about that. Two, help photos and carousels be more engaging by adding things like music. Um, by the way, music can really help your reach cuz it just catches your attention. Um, which is kind of a great thing if you're trying to get more reach. Oh, those are it's really two things. Yeah. Um, and then you should figure out what works for you. Cuz as a creator, the most important thing isn't what's going to get you the most reach. Uh, reach of course matters, but to what end? Are you 

[47:44] trying to build a brand? Are you trying to sell me medin? Are you trying to evangelize a cause? Are you trying to pull together a community? Right? What's the reach is a means to one of those ends or different. And then so when you come up with your content strategy, it needs to align with that goal. It needs to also do well on Instagram. So, be engaging. And you also need to be able to sustain it over time. It needs to be realistic because if it's not one of those things, you're going to fail. If it's not aligned with your goal, and yeah, it gets a ton of reach, but what's the point? But if it's if it's aligned with your goal and nobody interacts with it, no one's going to see it, what's the point? And if it's something that you cannot do, it's you want to create 10 videos a day, you know, post every hour of the day and you just can't do that. I can't do that. Most nobody can do that. um then then you're going to burn out. And so it's hard, I know, but you need 

[48:38] to find a creative strategy that is at the intersection of those three ideas. And by the way, what works this year might not work next year cuz people's interests change. Uh so you, you know, I've evolved. I've tried many different things. I did a series of podcast interviews and they just did terribly. So I stopped doing that. This one will work very well. No, no, no, no. I mean, I was interviewing you. You are a much better interviewer than me. No, no, see. Yeah. You're just trying stuff. Yeah. And like Instagram is a is a special platform because you've talked about it as a platform where you get friends and like people connecting together, but it's also a platform where you get some media, some content creators, celebrities. I guess like it's a is it like for you like sometimes weird things you get like on the same platform both things and sometimes not the same. I think it's but I think it's the magic of it. So on one hand, yes. Broadly 

[49:30] speaking, I'll oversimplify. friend content and public content can be intention, right? Um, you know, if you're watching a video about the news, you're not actually talking to a friend, but I don't think we're the best at texting friends. You know, WhatsApp is if I'm late, I'm going to text you on WhatsApp. I'm not going to DM you uh for like meeting today. And I don't think we're the best at pure, you know, leanback cons uh information consumption. If you if I want to watch a an hour long video, it's Netflix is going to be even better than you probably YouTube or Tik Tok. Um, but what I think we do remarkably well and I think we have an opportunity to be the best at is connect with your friends about your interests. I talk to people I know in real life and some I've met online about creators, about fashion, about architecture, about uh football, you know, you know, that's where it's really special. We're like, yeah, I can 

[50:23] see the highlight from the Saka goal last night. I'm an Arsenal fan. Sorry, I know I'm here. That's good for you. You got good good. Yeah, we're playing you guys in two weeks. Um and but I'm talking about that with the other Goonas I know. That's kind of what's that's kind of where our sweet spot is. Yeah. So, it does make sense for you to get both and I see how it would work this way. Um, I've got one last question. Uh, which is like kind of a broad question, but how do you see, you know, Instagram for the next few years? Do you have any plan for like a long-term sort of like five or 10 years or is it something that goes, you know, evolves so rapidly that you're like, oh no, two years away from that is already kind of a long distance. Two years is long distance for us. Um, it's worth noting that right now in the United States, there's an important trial involving Meta. The American tech giant is being accused of anti-competitive practices, especially 

[51:16] for its acquisitions of Instagram and WhatsApp. If the Federal Trade Commission wins the case, Meta could be forced to break up and sell some of its platforms. So this trial hadn't started yet at the time of the interview, but it's an important topic that we'll be talking about, so I just wanted to mention it today. I mean, over the next few years, I don't anticipate any major changes, right? We we we're launching the edits app, which I'm really excited about. I think you'll see us lean more into creative tools, and to AI for creative tools. One idea I'm really excited about that hopefully is coming later this year is video editing. So, not deep fakes that can make you make something, say something, but um take, you know, anybody editing a real should be able to select any clip they want or the whole reel and then ask for any special effect that they want. Um, you know, make the lighting match or add the prop or make me wear a suit or whatever 

[52:11] it is to be able to story tell. But longer term, five, 10 years, I think it gets much harder to predict because for a long time now, the primary way we consume information is on these little glowing rectangles. I don't know how how many centimeters is 6 in. It's like, you know, 14, 15. Um, and I think that will change. I don't think phones are going away. I think they'll be part of our lives for the foreseeable future. But I think some of our information consumption is going to shift to something that looks more like this. And you're seeing this right now with two ends of the spectrum. The simplest with the Rayban Metas, which by the way, we're selling millions of them. And they're they've got AI, they've got a camera, but they also have a microphone and a speaker. They're great for phone calls, podcasts. I use that for all the time. Um, but they don't have a screen and they have limited capabilities, limited battery. And then on the other 

[53:01] end of the spectrum, you know, we've got these Orion glasses that we don't make and sell because they would cost€ 10,000 euros each, which would be ridiculous, but they're a research project where you can literally you have a screen built in, but they look like these glasses and I can control the operating system with my hands. Um, and that's kind of a wild thing. Those are going to come together and when they do, they're going to be a lot of people who use them. Is that in 5 years? Is that in 10 years? Is that in 15 years? cuz it needs to not only work but be light and comfortable and fashionable and cheap. I don't know. But what does Instagram mean if part of Instagram is connecting with friends? And a lot of way people talk is with glasses is an is a question I don't have an answer to yet. That's interesting because you sometimes get like even when I do interviews about my work with my team, people like, "Oh, so where do you see yourself in 10 years?" And I'm like, 

[53:49] "I don't Oh, and the thing is like if social media like if platforms like you don't know where where you'll be in 10 years, there's no way for me to know either because of course we're publishing uh on those on those platforms. Adam, thank you so much for taking the time. This was such a pleasure. I really appreciate it. Thank you so much. I mean, we covered like a wide range of topics and I hope like yeah, it'll be interesting for people who yeah follow this. It would be great. So yeah, thank you so much for for taking the time and thank you for following this uh this interview. Uh you can of course subscribe if it's not the case to see the other the other interviews. You can also follow us of course on Instagram. Uh we get we do quite quite a lot of things today too. And so yeah, we'll see you soon. Thank you again so much Adam for taking the time. Cheers. Thank you. [Music]