[00:00] Mr. Beast, I everyone in this audience already knows who that is. I don't need to explain who Mr. Beast is. He posted actually on Threads. This was his thread's post, which is also your platform that it's scary times for creators because of these Genii tools that are coming out. What do you think should. Should creators be scared is a scary times. I think things are changing really quickly, and I think that means that a lot of us. Whether you're using a platform like Jumia's or rebuilding a platform like we do on our team are having to think about how we need to evolve, how we do what we do. The jobs are changing. And so I don't think that technology from the creator side is going to replace creativity. I think it's going to change who can be creative. I think it's going to change how people tell their stories. But at the end of the day, I think that people have creators and creatives. They have their taste, they have their processes, they have their judgments, they have their cultural commentary, and they're going to use those in different ways than before, because to produce a video isn't going to require what Jimmy has historically done with Mr. Beast and these huge sets and these amazing elaborate production teams. It's going to be something that anybody can do with access to the right model, right? So on the one hand, it will make certain things easier. It will lower the bar for what it takes to, you know, produce maybe something that feels highly like produced. Does this create more creators? 

[01:36] Does this create a upper crust of creators? You know, because there's now so many more people who can do this? I think it'll mean that today's creators, if they lean into the tools, are the ones who do, will be able to create more or even better content. But I think it also means that there are going to be people who couldn't be creators before, who can now actually produce content of a certain quality or at a certain scale. But it also means they're going to be bad actors who try to leverage these technologies for, you know, nefarious purposes as well. So, yeah, it's going to be well, if you take a big step back, what the Internet did, among other things, was allow almost anyone to become a publisher by reducing the cost of distributing content to essentially zero. And what some of these generative A.I. models look like they're going to do is they're going to reduce the cost of producing content to basically zero. So that will be a multiplier effect on the things that we're already seeing, which is that there's more people producing more content and reaching more people, and there's a lot of good and bad that comes downstream from that. Yeah. So as someone who creates an algorithm intended to show people things that they want to see, do you anticipate I don't know if you can break down what the average person is seeing right now in terms of stuff that's air generated versus, you know, maybe more traditional human generated. But what's that going to look like in a year or in five years? Are we going to be seeing a feed just full of AI stuff or is there a human element that's going to be important here? Well, today on the big platforms like 

[03:11] Instagram and TikTok and Facebook and YouTube, I think there's actually a lot of hybrid content. And too often we talk about synthetic content and organic content and never the twain shall meet. But there's a lot of content where AI is part of the workflow, right? Like you might not even know it, you might be whatever app you're using to do color correction might be using models to do so, you know, stamp to on Photoshop in the old days to get rid of a pimple, those types of things. But that line is going to be more and more blurred. So it's going to be a little bit less like what is organic content and what is synthetic content and what the percentages are I think is going to be actually more in the middle than pure synthetic content for a while. But you will also see experiences that are pure the A.I., right? You see this in the last two weeks with vibes in the app and with Socrata from Openai. So I think you're going to see both. You mentioned there's a lot of potential for bad actors out there. We talked a few weeks ago actually, Instagram announced 3 billion users and we had a conversation then. And one of the things you said was, you know, you rely especially with AI on a lot of self-reporting. People have to sort of let their audience know. I used AI for this. A lot of people don't do that. I'm curious what responsibility you think Instagram and media have versus how much of that is on the content creator themselves. Like, do you need to be identifying that something as AI and alerting the audience to it? Or is it all on the Creator? I think that we can do more to identify content that was created with I. 

[04:50] We actually when we first did it, we were doing we were using the EXIF data and a bunch of people got mad at us because Photoshop was exporting content and I was part of the flow. And then we were saying it was eye contact, but the creator was like, This isn't the eye content. But if you actually looked at how the flow was made like they were, that they thought Photoshop was a genius, some tool in Photoshop that triggered that. Okay, I think it was Photoshop or maybe it was premiere. I forget which shot. So it's sort of a delicate matter. For what it's worth, though, I think that trying to automatically label everything that was created in some part with AI, particularly when there's a lot of hybrid content, was only part of the process is a little bit of it's not a fool's errand but it's it's maybe the wrong focus. I think what's going to happen quickly is that you can still kind of tell when content was created by not always, but usually in pretty good. It's it's hard, harder. It's getting harder. And I think pretty soon it'll be almost impossible. Yeah. And so I think what we need to do is sure we can work more on labeling, but we also need to provide more context for people to make more informed decisions about what to believe in, to not so like the way you think about, you know, literacy for my kids. My kids are young. They're nine, seven and five. I need them to understand as they grow up and they get exposed to the Internet that just because they're seeing a video of something doesn't mean it actually happened. And they when I grew up and I saw a video, I could assume that that was a capture of a moment that happened in the 

[06:23] real world. And what they're going to need to do is they're going to need to think about who is saying it. Yeah. Who's sharing it in this case and what are their incentives and why might they be saying it. And there's going to be way more importance if you're going to make good decisions about what to trust and what to allow to inform your own opinions. This is an if we're going to shift emphasis away from the content itself and not to ignore it, but just away from it and put more on who's saying it and why they might be saying it. Yeah, but you're doing that as a as an involved parent, but as a platform we can provide context to. Right. Like and we do today, but we can do more like today. If you go to my profile, you can go to about this profile, you can see how long I've had this profile, what country I'm based in, how many times I've changed my username, a series of signals that you can use to decide how much you want to trust or not trust. Or maybe is that even about positive or negative? Maybe it's just about my political bias or my financial bias or any other kind of bias. So yeah, it feels like it's evolving. Obviously, the Instagram app is evolving as well. That was a big part of our last conversation. I think people still think of. I shouldn't say I certainly still part of me thinks of Instagram as this feed of of beautiful curated photos and videos like that is maybe it's certainly an older way of thinking about it. You're leaning very hard into this sort of newer version of Instagram, which is DMS stories reels. 

[07:56] Walk us through a little bit about where your priorities are with Instagram right now. Like, is the traditional feed a thing of the past at this point? It's certainly changing. The all the growth in Instagram over the last five years or more have really has really come from DMS and reels and recommendations and stories. But we started as a feed of hyper saturated photos, you know, glossy landscapes. You guys can all picture the aesthetic and that's just not how people use Instagram anymore. Our biggest risk is that the world evolves. We don't keep up and we just become irrelevant. If we can build dams and stories and reels, you wouldn't be interviewing me on stage today. We wouldn't be relevant, Relevant enough to show up at screen time. Yeah, but moving it forward is also tricky. People get frustrated when you have and when they have an experience that they use for. Call it half an hour a day and then someone comes and changes it without asking them. So it's a balance. But but we have to because if we didn't, we would be in trouble. I mean, like, I think we probably shouldn't do this because nobody can see the audience on camera. But how many of you use Instagram? It's okay if you don't raise your hand really high, so I can see. Cool. How many of you keep your hand up? Have messaged someone in the last two days. Great. How many now? How many of you have posted a story in the last couple of days? 

[09:22] All right. So maybe about half from about it was like 80%. How many of you posted something to feed in the last two days? Those watching, the number of hands is very minimal. We have seven. We went from, like all of us, everybody to seven. Yeah. That's how Instagram is used. We connect with friends, we explore our interests, but we do so by seeing a will and sending it to someone who we think might enjoy it, or responding to a story or sharing a fleeting moment or posting a note. Actually, if you're, you know, younger than I am, it's posting to your feed is just not the primary way people express themselves. Yeah, and that's evidenced by some of the stuff you're doing. So I want to get into this sort of test you're doing with reels. You launch an iPad app which people have been clamoring for for a long time. If the iPad opens directly into reels so it doesn't open into the traditional feed, you're now kicked into this short form video experience. You're testing that in India as well. Yeah. Is this the future, like a year from now? Are we all going to open up Instagram and it's of seeing that that feed or are we just going to be kicked into, you know, what maybe feels like TikTok? So, yeah, so the test in India right now is an opt in and it opens. You have stories at the top still, but if you scroll down it scrolls into reels. But if you look at the reels tab in the main feed tab, there are two primary differences that one is full screen media at all times. 

[10:48] You see one piece, one photo or video at a time and that is the reals tab, whereas feed is free scrolling and then reels has more videos and more recommendations and feed has less. But they both have recommendations, they both have photos, they both have carousels and they both have videos. It's just a balance. And so it's really a design difference and then a ranking difference. I think just swapping them doesn't really make sense. But I think that if a more immersive media is really driving all our growth, if we can figure out a way to transition the app to that being the experience that you swipe into, then that would probably be a good thing if we can make it happen. The question is can we make it happen responsibly without, you know, pissing everybody off, without really hurting the business? Because the monetization efficiency of video is lower by finding the right balance, it's probably not ranked exactly as one is or the other is today. But that is that is something I want to explore. Yeah, I mean, from the outside, it's hard not to look at that and think, tick tock, tick tock Is driving this change for you. How much do you think about tick tock as a it's obviously a major competitor, but I'm wondering how much something like this is driven maybe by what you're seeing from kind of competition. Curious about this data. What is this data does 18 to 34 average audience by our. I don't know what that means. Cool. Definitely think about tick tock, Definitely think about YouTube and think about Snapchat. I mean, the immersive viewer is three days Tick tock, right? 

[12:18] I think Kakao Stories pioneered the stories format, which was an immersive viewer. Yeah. In Korea, it was popularized by Snapchat worldwide, so they should get a lot of credit for that. Tick Tock was applying that immersive viewer, that native first experience to short form video and they should get a lot of credit for that. And now obviously you've got YouTube shorts, Instagram reels, Facebook reels and the rest of it. We think a lot about Tik Tok because they are really good at what they do. They are better than I think the rest of the industry at this point. And a couple of things at breaking new talent at isn't like identifying up and coming creators. Is that what you mean. Yeah. So if you the way it works is when you're ranking content and then you want to drive engagement, it's easier to drive engagement by showing content that you know, lots of people like then to try and discover content that you might love that you didn't even know about yet. That might be from a really small or small creator, and that's called exploration based ranking. When you try to literally almost test out things to see if they have legs or if there's an audience, whether they are really good at exploration based ranking, we're closing that gap, but we're not all the way there yet. YouTube isn't actually great at that. YouTube is the best, I think, in the market at paying out creators to share and has. That's because they're still mostly longform and long form. They've done a really good job with their in in the pre roles and their mid roles. 

[13:51] But I think Tik Tok has been like really culturally relevant because they've been able to break small names, They've been really timely. So trends happen really quickly. They've just been reliably really fun and entertaining. Yeah, there is. Obviously, I'm sure you've followed there's a deal now, a proposed deal for TikTok to stay in the United States is kind of unique because it calls for the US government to be somewhat involved. And, you know, if not managing at least overseeing this new U.S. tech talk. Does this were you at all late that the US government might perhaps have an incentive for particular. Talk to do better than Instagram. Be careful of my words. We're all friends here. You're welcome to say whatever you want. What could go wrong? Yeah. I'll say a few things. One, I do think it's good that Tok is still going to be in the US. It would certainly make our lives easier on the professional side to have less competition. But I think competition is fundamentally healthy. They push us to do better work. I think it's good for the consumer and it's good for competition. So I'm glad that they're still going to be around. On the specifics of the deal, it just seems all very hard to pass. It looks like more or less there is a bit of an ownership and a share change, but not an actual real change in how it's built and in, you know, because they, you know, buy dance and Tik Tok share code. Historically, most of the most the strongest ranking workers come out of China. They're like, I don't see anything that 

[15:33] suggests that any of how it's actually built is going to meaningfully change. It just seems like an ownership stake and the share. Going that split between obviously by dance and then yeah, there is here but it's the same map, the same ranking system, you know, the same creators that you're following, the same people. It all sort of is sort of similar. So it seems a little bit hard to I'm not sure what to make of that. It doesn't seem like it's a major change in terms of incentives. Yeah, I mean, we always want to be considered. We always want to consider all the incentives of the most relevant parties involved. But I just want to stay focused on how do we make sure Instagram does a great job where they're better than us, how do we catch up where we think we've got a competitive advantage? How do we double down and how do we keep moving forward and trying to make Instagram as valuable as possible for people and then try not to get too sucked into the noise of the of the trauma of the we may be supporting your direct competitors, all that stuff. We think about it, but we try to focus on what we can control and spend less time on what we can only have a few more minutes. It's always fly by it really. There was a report that you guys are building a TV app. Are you building a TV app? Let's make some news. This is it. We're exploring TV. TV is an increasingly important service. It's been very important for YouTube. Neil's talked about that publicly. The CEO there. It's been very important for TikTok. So we'd like to figure out how to make sure that we have we did. 

[17:04] We show up in a compelling way on all the relevant devices. So we're definitely exploring it, but nothing to announce today. Why now? Why explore now versus a few years ago? Because as you point out, I wish we had exploded a few years. Okay. Why didn't you? We've been. Busy. It seems like every year is a little bit more intense and a lot more wild. I see that as a mistake, though, on my part, so I'll take ownership for that. I mean, we've been focusing a lot on ranking. We've been focusing a lot on evolving the experience forward. We've been focusing a lot on safety and parents. We've been focusing a lot on just compliance. Like I said, the biggest risk that we face is that the world changes too quickly, not too quickly. It's got to change quickly and we don't change quickly to adapt. And if behavior in the consumption of these platforms is moving to TV, then we need to move to TV too, as a form factor. And if we're late, that's on us. Right now. It's on me. It's on you right now. These videos, your deep voice that sounded heavy. It did say it came off a little more dramatic. When I'm on Instagram looking at video, it's almost all vertical video. When I look at a TV, it's not. Have you and through this exploration, have you thought about whether the stuff that's on Instagram today works on TV or do you need to go out and, you know, basically source new video that that fits a TV screen? 

[18:33] I think the vertical content can work on TV because I think we can also show there's a we can show social context, we can show you the comments, we can show who else is watching. There's a bunch of things we can do with that space. We might We do still have horizontal content. We might need to lean into that too, but I'd rather first figure out how we can embrace the content ecosystem that already exists and the creatives that already exist on the platform. And if we have to expand, if it turns out we have to expand, then we'll certainly consider that. Then everyone says are world in which you go and, you know, license or kickback content. I don't like licensing content if I can avoid it the way that we pay for lots of licensing in general for people going to share stuff on our platform, whether or not we want them to, music licenses, etc. we're always going to try to make sure we pay people for the rights, you know, when we need to. But I wouldn't I'm not interested in trying to go get sports rights or exclusive entertainment rights because I'd much rather be the second screen. I'd much rather be where you talk about the the game or the movie we're in. I feel like connecting with your friends and short form video can be really symbiotic and short form video and long form video can be really symbiotic, but long form video and connecting with your friends is really difficult to do in one place. If you're just watching a basketball game or a movie or an hour long show, it's a lot of time that you're not actually talking to a friend. A lot of things you're not sending to friends or seeing that you might send to friends, etc. So I I'd rather focus on user generated 

[20:05] content creators, A.I. and less on premium long form licensed content. We've had all the zeros very last so that I don't get in trouble. What's your one tip if you're if you're a creator trying to hit a big on Instagram today, what's the one piece of advice you would give? And again, short so that I don't get you know, you're in too much trouble and I can just filibustering. Yeah, exactly. Get me back. I think it's really important to be intentional, specifically to articulate what you're trying to accomplish by using a platform like Instagram. So you might be trying to sell a product or rent or raise awareness for a cause or, you know, build up demand for a brand, but just write down what you're trying to accomplish. And then also to be very clear about what is going to actually resonate with an audience. What's going to work on the platform. And you need to find a content strategy that is a the overlap of those two things because reaches grief and reach is a means to an end. So if you find content that is engaging, but it's not actually helping you move towards your goals, it's useless. And if you find content that is going to help you with your goals, but no one sees it, it's not going to be effective. It is much harder to find a content strategy that does both. But that's the job, that's the work, and that's going to require persistence, intentionality and experimentation. But I really I really preach the overlap.