[00:00] I was trying to figure out where you were going with that. I was like, "Wow, he's really asking his salary?" &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I'm sure that's public. I'm a shareholder. I can find [laughter] that out right now. Oh, man. &gt;&gt; Please. All right. Let me call my RAPID ROBINHOOD BROKER. &gt;&gt; [laughter] [singing and music] [music and singing] [music] [singing] [music] &gt;&gt; MASA AND OREN, WELCOME back to the Good Guys podcast. We are sitting here with the president of Instagram, Adam Mosseri. Hi. Thanks for having me. &gt;&gt; Thanks for doing this. Wow, look at this, Ben. Can you believe these stats? It's fantastic. And we've been chatting with Adam for the last 10 minutes, and let me tell you, he is much funnier than 

[01:08] I expected. So, this episode is going to be an absolute hoot. We are seven boys. We've seven boys between the three of us, okay? Parents over here. Good guys. Adam's another good guy, and just happens to run a platform that is incredibly important to the livelihoods of all of us. So, thank you very much, Adam. Yeah, but can you just allow the &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't know my guy. &gt;&gt; just allow the algorithm to reach a few more people, &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I'm sure we'll talk about the algorithm. What if the algorithm kept, like, you know how the Coca-Cola recipe is in like a cave in Atlanta? Yeah. Like, it's [clears throat] kept &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Like, there's only one person who has the recipe, and it's like maybe one of the Coke family. Where is the algorithm held? 

[01:55] So, to [laughter] start, we talk a lot about Honestly, I I used to try to reframe questions like that, cuz there isn't one algorithm. There's lots of things we do to try to understand how interested you are in certain topics, what certain content's about, match you with your interests, etc. But, at this point, I think everyone just what they mean when they say the algorithm is is the sum of all of those things, and I've stopped trying to um fight that framing. I just don't want people to feel like the algorithm is some entity that has its own agency that I we hide behind. Like, we are responsible for the decisions we make and what we build, and that affects what people see. So, I want to make sure we own that. Um, but to answer your question, for ranking and relevance and algorithms, it is code on servers in data centers all over the world. Um, lots of copies of the same code. And is 

[02:48] it changing all the time? Every day. Um, people often think that something major has changed in the algorithm, and they uh use that to explain why their reach might have gone way up or way down. But, the truth is, we almost never make major changes to it. We constantly make small changes to try to improve it over time. Oh, that is You are I feel so seen. That's me on the group chat with a bunch of other influencers. Like, when I'm having [laughter] a real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] week, I go, "They changed it, bro." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just throw me under the bus. I'm shadow banned. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. What are you talking about? Shadow [laughter] banning, yeah. They're not highlighting funny right now, bro. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Funny does Funny [laughter] does well. Funny is one of the best verticals. I All the data I've seen suggests funny is funny is still good, but it is tough. &gt;&gt; have you been at Instagram, Adam? I joined Instagram in the spring of '18. 

[03:40] I was hired to run what's called their product management team by Kevin and Mikey, the founders. Um, they had already been at the company, um, what was then called Facebook, now called Meta, for about 6 and 1/2 years at the time, maybe 6 years. But, I was at Facebook for 10 years before that. So, 2008, right? Is that when you started? I 08, I started. I was a designer. Uh, we were just a website. The The iPhone, I think, had just come out, but we didn't have an iPhone app. And, you know, it was fun. It wasn't It wasn't a bunch of kids in a college dorm. It was You know, we had a couple hundred people and an HR department. There were some adults around, but we were pretty young and trying to figure it out on the fly. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Are you represented in Social Network? Is that Is that the question here? &gt;&gt; think I don't think so, no. But, you tell you tell people. You go, "See that 

[04:29] extra back there on the laptop?" That's me. That's [laughter] me. The kid with the Jewfro in the back. That's cool. &gt;&gt; I wanted to see it. I remember wanted to see it. We all went to see it. &gt;&gt; We got Facebook stock, right? Did we get Facebook stock? &gt;&gt; it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The way compensation is up in all tech companies is stock and salary. Um, and that's all We We do that because we think it's good for the employees to have an incentive for the business to do well, not just for them to do well as individuals. &gt;&gt; We tried to offer Olivia stock in Good Guys. She said, "No." &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Pay me that cash. &gt;&gt; I would like to see the runway. Olivia, we'll offer you 25% of the company or two grand in cash. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Two grand. She's like, 

[05:16] "I'll take a gift certificate to McDonald's." [laughter] Juice bar Juice Equinox or something. &gt;&gt; But, you were saying, so you as a company went to go watch Social Network? &gt;&gt; We did. We all went together. Wow, what was that like? With With Mark? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh, it was surreal. Um, it was interesting cuz it's you can't help but get distracted by what's accurate and what's inaccurate. It's almost, you know, if you've read a book and then watch the movie, and then you kind of get distracted by where it deviates and where it lines up. It was almost like that. Right. But, like, at that time, you came on after like Eduardo had left the company and Sean Parker was gone, the whole thing. Yeah, Sean was not at the company. I But, you know, we There were some interactions back then, I think, with him. But, no, it was just after that phase. Wow. Yeah. What a time. How exciting. Yeah, I mean, it was 

[06:07] It was very exciting and humbling at the same time. When did you get on Instagram, Ben? Probably like 2013. Uh, I I was going to I was going to ask this. So, I posted memes forever. That was like my original Boy With No Job and Girl With No Job were memes, and then we pivoted over time as the platform evolved, and memes sort of went away, and video uh started to take hold. But, it's funny, even to this day, if I were to post a meme, it would reach four times the amount of people than a video. Is there a way to let I know the algorithm, you can't like talk to it. Is there a way to train the algorithm to let them know that you no longer post that type of content, even a decade later? No, but it's not always the case that memes do better than videos. It depends on the on the person and the content. I actually do think we should try to get to a place where you can actually talk 

[07:02] to the algorithm, and I can talk about that more if you'd like. Yeah. But, um, but most of the ranking system work is not actually thinking much about you and your history. It's mostly oriented around consumers. It's like, "Okay, here's a piece of content. Who might be interested in it? Let's go and find out as many people as possible who we think could be interested in it, whether or not they follow you or not." There are things that are producer-side oriented, but for the most part, it's nothing happens when you post right away. What happens is then all the people who then log in and follow you, open up Instagram later, and then we go and look at that post and everything else that was posted, and then try to figure what they might be interested in. It's not like a piece of mail that gets sent. It's almost like a DVD added to a DVD collection, and then the next person who comes into the store, it's an option 

[07:50] for Is there like a a checkpoint type thing in the sense of So, I post something, right? Do certain things Do you need to hit certain milestones quickly for then it for it to be widely broadcast? That's a great question. So, there are two sides to how ranking works for organic content. So, not ads. We're just talking about when you post on Instagram as a creator or as just an average folk. There's one side, which is for the accounts that follow you. So, everyone who's followed you, and they we're trying to find as many of them as possible who are interested in your post and to show them that content. So, when they open up Instagram, we look at that post and all the other posts they could see, and we rank them based on relevance. Half of the people who follow you might not even use Instagram anymore or not be on Instagram on that day. Maybe another half of those don't scroll far enough, 

[08:37] so you're never going to reach most of your followers, even though we all would love to reach all of them. Um, but that's that there's that system where there's no sort of gate or minimum thing or threshold that you sort of have to cross necessarily. Then, there's the unconnected side. So, we try to go out and find people who don't follow you who might love and be interested in your content. And the way that works is kind of like an audition system. So, we try to make sure every piece of content gets that's public, that's trying to reach a lot of people, gets a minimum number of views. And And then, if it So, we have we set aside a little bit of what we call impressions or views to try things out like that. And then, if it does really well, then we get it we broadcast that piece of content to more unconnected accounts. If it does well again, it gets it graduates again. So, it's almost like a competition 

[09:32] where it can keep can keep if it does better than everything else, continue to get promoted and promoted and promoted, which is how you can see content from very small accounts go very viral sometimes. Right. Yeah, it's interesting, right, Ben? Cuz like, I I'll find In general, I have like the metrics for my channel, like milestones where I'll see if something did about 60,000 views in the first 10 minutes, I go, "This one's going to go." Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's not I go, "You know what, babe? DoorDash." &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, like you know you &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Let's treat ourselves to caviar tonight. Yeah, it's going to be We can pay and we won't do pick up, we'll do delivery. You know, we'll do the charges. But then if I see it like teetering at 15, you know, 20,000, I go, "This one I just know it's not going to make it." Yeah, so that's that's often true that early on you can get a sense for how something's going to 

[10:25] do. But what matters is not really the number of views. It's the interaction rates. So, of all the people who saw it, how many people liked it? Right. &gt;&gt; Of all the people who saw it, how many people sent it to a friend? And what you're getting a sense for in those first, you know, in that first hour is what that rate is cuz you you're like, "All right, 60,000 views, it's doing better than the average thing I did." For the But what's really happening behind the scenes is maybe your average post has like a 5% like rate had a 6% like rate or 1% comment rate, so one out of 100 people commented on it, this one had 1.1. That's actually a big delta. It doesn't sound like it, but it is. Yeah. Uh and you're seeing that start to get picked up in the ranking system. Well, it's best. &gt;&gt; overreact to the first hour though. Here's one more thing. The comments we're trying to make sure 

[11:15] they're as civil as possible. People on the internet are not always as civil as we would like. I strongly ask anybody who struggles with mean comments sometimes to just give it a minute before you get in there cuz the people who post comments the quickest are the craziest. And if you just wait an hour or two, normal people tend to sort of drown out the wild. And so, just give it a minute. Don't don't get on there in the comments in those first hour. I feel like that's the that's not the best. And will some of those will the filter catch some of those within the first hour? Yeah, but there's things that are not allowed, which will get caught, but then there's things that are allowed, but they're just mean. Oh, yeah. We're aware. Yeah, and then normal and nice comments will just push those mean comments way down over time. But 

[12:02] there's a correlation between how quickly you comment and how tough you can be as a commenter, turns out. I have a gift for finding the mean. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Don't look for it. Don't get I Well, you should check out my comments. Oh, yeah. Interesting. Yeah, what are your comments like? So, uh there's a couple. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; There's a lot of mad about reach. Okay. Give me back Chrono feed. Um it's my birthday. All I want for my birthday is a blue checkmark. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um people being upset about having some piece of content uh taken down or feel like they're shadowbanned or someone they care about has. 

[12:44] But look, that's part of the job. Um you're going to if you're responsible for a platform that so many people use and rely on when things don't go their way, even if it's a small percentage of people, it's a lot of it's a lot of people. &gt;&gt; Billion, two billion? Three. Three. There's only seven billion people in the world. Three billion people a month using Instagram. &gt;&gt; It's it's unbelievable. &gt;&gt; We just crossed that. Yeah. It's unbelievable. Yeah, I don't know how to run that up. &gt;&gt; how big Instagram is. It's so crazy. This episode of the Good Guys podcast is brought to you by our friends at Element. Folks, Element helps anyone stay hydrated without the sugar and other dodgy ingredients found in popular electrolyte and sports drinks. Electrolyte deficiency or imbalance can cause headaches, cramps, fatigue, brain 

[13:27] fog, and weakness. Don't I know. I love drinking water. I drink honestly like 200 million gallons a day. I drink too much water. By the way, if you drink too much water, you could die. So, be very, very careful. That has nothing to do with Element. That's just me giving you a tip. Don't drink too much water. That said, I'm also not fearmongering around water. I'm just saying drink the proper amount of water. How about we drink What was that recommendation? Eight cups a day? I think it was eight cups a day. If you drink eight cups of water a day and you have no electrolytes, you are not going to not have that headache, cramp, fatigue, brain fog, weakness. You know why? Because you're missing the salt. You're missing the magnesium. You're missing all of the good stuff that comes in a proper electrolyte sports drink mix such as Element. And Element is a zero sugar electrolyte drink mix and sparkling electrolyte water born from the growing body of research revealing 

[14:16] that optimal health outcomes occur at sodium levels two to three times the government recommendations. What are you, nuts, government? Stop telling me to drink eight glasses of water a day without any electrolytes. And please stop telling me the wrong sodium levels to be taking. What are you, nuts? Each stick pack delivers a meaningful dose of electrolytes, free of sugar, thank God, artificial colors, or other dodgy ingredients. Element is formulated for anyone on a mission to restore health through hydration and is perfectly suited for athletes, folks who are fasting, or those following keto, season, low carb, whole food, or paleo diets. Folks, you've got to try Element. If you haven't tried it yet, honestly, you are missing out on the greatest hydration of your life. I'm telling you, Element is it. And right now Element is offering a free sample pack with any purchase. That's eight single serving packets free with any Element order. 

[15:04] It's a great way to try all eight flavors or share Element with a friend. Get yours at drinklmn.com/goodguys. This deal is available through our link. You must go to drinklmn.com/goodguys. This deal is only available through our link. drinklmn.com/goodguys. This episode of the Good Guys podcast is brought to you by our friends at Chewy. Folks, when I think about the holidays, all I think about are my moments with my beautiful pet. The ones that make the season bright. That's why I'm joining Chewy Claus who's out here making pets' wishes come true. From November 4th to December 24th, share your pet's wish at chewy.com/chewyclaus. It could become real and help others, too. Each wish triggers a donation of five meals to shelters and rescues across the country. Submit through the Chewy app and they'll double the donation. A wish for a pet really is the wish that keeps on giving. Friends, you can send pets' wishes to 

[16:03] chewy.com/chewyclaus and it might just come true. And your wish spreads the joy because each wish means five meals get donated to pets in need. Send your pet's wish through the Chewy app and they will double their donation to shelters and rescues across the country. Shelters and rescues can join in on the joy by submitting their own wish list to Chewy Claus. Their community can find their wish list and donate items directly to them. Chewy Claus is spreading joy with your wish. Folks, Chewy is already the best place for you to get all of your pet essentials. But now Chewy Claus, we're doing good things for pets. We're donating meals. They're cause-driven organization. Chewy is fantastic. Each pet deserves a wish come true, don't they? Send your pet's wish to chewy.com/chewyclaus and it might become a reality. Plus, your wish means Chewy will donate five meals to pets in need. You want to 

[16:54] donate meals to pets in need, don't you? chewy.com/chewyclaus. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; The translate tool that's now I think it was Is it new? I use it a lot. &gt;&gt; I was excited about Like and I I like it a lot and I I have noticed so all of my like 3 years ago I pivoted hard into cooking. All of my content now is recipe reels. They're doing better than really any content I've ever posted over the last decade aside from memes. So, I clearly found my niche. But I think that the translate is is making the reach even higher. &gt;&gt; It is. Obviously, that would be it would become relevant to people outside of the US, so it makes sense. But would you recommend always turning that on? Like are you guys prioritizing that or just naturally will feed into more circles because people are understanding what you're saying? Exactly. It's the latter. So, it will help with reach more and more over time cuz we're still getting 

[17:46] we're still new to this. So, for those of you who don't know, when you post a reel on Instagram, you can have it translated automatically into the the four languages that we support are English, Spanish, Portuguese, and Hindi. Which by the way cover up cover the majority of users. Um cuz India and Brazil are massive massive countries for us. And then obviously Spanish is spoken in a lot of countries around &gt;&gt; Told you, Josh. India. India, Josh. &gt;&gt; our biggest country. I know. I I You should look at my DMs. Yeah. It's almost primarily Delhi. Yeah. But the whole the whole idea is that there's a world of content out there that you might be interested in, but you might not know how to speak the language. Right. And so, if I can explain how Instagram works and it can just show up as me in my voice with looking like my lips are saying words in Hindi, all of a sudden I can reach an 

[18:37] audience in India who speaks Hindi and doesn't speak English. Right. Which by the way is only about half of India cuz in there's maybe 26 official Indic languages at this point. There's many, many more that are actually spoken on the ground. So, um the whole idea here is to help creatives reach audiences and find fans across language barriers. Wow. What what's uh what what's the Instagram perks looking like? Is there any Instagram PJ? What are we talking about? Like you got to be places. The Yeah. You're not flying [laughter] spirit. Come on. I'm a United guy. Uh United Yeah, when the PJ's broken. &gt;&gt; We don't have We don't have one. I'm a Mark Mark I'm sure has a plane, but uh the rest of us uh do not. Which is good, I think. Uh no, the perks are I mean like I said, 

[19:26] it's a wonderful place to work. They take really good care of us. I we I laughed when you first said perks cuz I think of the team they love swag. They love like is swag swag swag swag. Um and I'm like, "Why? Why do you want another shirt with like a logo [laughter] on it?" Like But they just can't doesn't matter doesn't matter who you are, people love a free T-shirt and they love a free mug. One of your great employees who I've known for 20 years, Justin Anthony. Yes. One of the greats. &gt;&gt; He and I started our careers together. He was like a talent executive at Nickelodeon when I was 14. Yeah. And he's always championing me, and when he moved over to Instagram, it just felt natural. And so, he had like a summit for creators years ago and brought us up to the headquarters and was like, "Come over. Come see." I mean, was the Facebook headquarters created by the people who did Disney or 

[20:17] Downtown Disney, or is that a myth? No, no, it wasn't. It was the Did you go to the campus that was right on the Like it's by the sort of like salt flats by the near kind of a water body body of water? Maybe. I mean, it had everything. &gt;&gt; What year was it? This was probably 2018, 2019. &gt;&gt; yeah. So, it would have been classic campus, yeah. No, that's um that was like an old Sun uh headquarters. It was like an old Silicon Valley company headquarters. It was sick. Like ice cream shop, unbelievable, like five different places to eat food, but the best part was he took me and the other influencers, and let's be honest, we love free stuff. He said, "Come to the Come to the company store." I got a Patagonia. I said, "I can have this?" He goes, "Whatever [laughter] you want, Josh." I said, "This is Patagonia. This is high-end material." And it's got a nice 

[21:07] and it had the Facebook patch right at the bottom. So, &gt;&gt; It's very tasteful. &gt;&gt; just like on your on your chest. Just Yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; the book. Too much, yeah. That's good. That's good. Uh It's It's not quite as Disneyland as it used to be. I think once we you know, through the pandemic and then 2022 and the market contraction, we've started to try to be much more judicious in our expenses. Um so, it's not quite the the um the wildness that it was. Uh which I think is also good, but it's still a wonderful place to work. I'm not trying to complain at all. I was just going to say, speaking of working for Instagram, I think it's the perfect time. Uh I worked in media for a decade before doing what I'm doing, and I actually DM'd I looked back. I DM'd the Instagram account. I'll read it to you. I DM'd the Instagram account in 2019. 

[21:58] What'd you say? &gt;&gt; wrote, "Hey, long shot, but I saw a job at Instagram that I was incredibly intrigued by. I was wondering if you could possibly connect me with someone in recruiting to talk about it." Did it just go on red? Did they Did it just ghost you? No one ever read it. No one &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; ever read it. Uh &gt;&gt; And let me tell you, this was This was very talented, Ben. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Formerly at Vayner Media. Very ex- very excited to work at Instagram. And thank god it didn't happen cuz my my life turned out great. But I wanted to work at Instagram so badly. Does Instagram check its DMs? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I check my DMs, but I don't check that Instagram. I'm pretty sure someone does, 

[22:37] um but there's a lot. There's almost 700 million people follow that account. So, it's There's a There's more DMs, I think, than people can get to. Um I do I go into my request folder every week. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I think it's good uh to get a sense for what is on people's minds, what's frustrating people lately. I always respond to a handful, which usually freaks them out. Um and [laughter] Of course. Sometimes I find like important people in there that I didn't even know like for that it had messaged me. I like missed it. And so, I'm trying to get better at that. Oh, I um I've been recently people will I'm I'm kind of on an anti-Cameo kick cuz I don't know. I don't want to pay them a vague for my likeness. But, you know, shout-out Cameo. But so now, if people DM me, I will um I'll just answer them and I'll do the request. Like if they 

[23:26] ask for a birthday shout-out, I'll be like, "You don't have to pay me. I'm just happy to do it." Cuz this way I can do one every couple days and feel feel good about it. This one girl You tell me if this is nuts. She's very nice. "Hello, Josh. My best friend, we love you. Blah, blah, blah." She's like, "Will you wish her a" &gt;&gt; not sound like my DMs. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No one has ever been like, "Hello, Adam. I love you. So happy you're doing such &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay. There's only a kitchen. There's also a &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; There's also the side of it where they call us fat, vicious pigs &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. All right. Tell us how Tell us how much they hate Jews. There's that side of it, too. I get [laughter] plenty of that. I get plenty of that, too. Yeah. Yeah. You got to love it. 

[24:09] I But uh and so, she says, "Can you give me a birthday video for my friend?" And the friend's name is C L E I L A. C L E I L A? Yeah. This is a smart guy. So, let's see. Let's see. Cleal Cleala? Clelia. Okay. I write her back, "Sure. How do you pronounce her name? How do you just write that name? With due respect, a beautiful name, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; but you you don't just write Is it Is it a beautiful name? &gt;&gt; If there's a silent C, you you know, you lead with that, you know? &gt;&gt; It's a silence? No. Oh, it's Leila? No. &gt;&gt; I I asked her. So, then she she sent me a voice message. You say it like Clelia. Oh, that would never No one's getting that. No. So, I I sent a video and I told her friend what was up. Clelia, what's up? It's Josh Peck. How are you? 

[25:05] Don't look at this pimple right here. What can you do? Just wanted to wish you happy birthday. Uh your best friend, Louisa, asked me to do this. So, thank her and also tell your friend she wrote me your name and it's beautiful. Not, you know, semi-exotic. [clears throat] I had never heard it before. And she was like, "Oh, just can you wish my friend Clelia a happy birthday?" And I wrote her back. I was like, "Can you tell me how to pronounce it?" Cuz this could have been happy birthday Clelia or happy birthday Clelia. [laughter] Like it just would have been I'm not a smart man. But you're a smart person and you're a wonderful [laughter] person, and I hope you have a wonderful birthday. You're You're You're nuts and I love the way that you code-switch. Hello, it's Josh. &gt;&gt; [laughter] 

[25:48] &gt;&gt; Hello, how are you? Hello, how are you doing? &gt;&gt; Hello Hello, Clelia. It's Josh [laughter] here. I'm I know. I hate my voice. But you know what I'm saying? I really aired out the baggage for her friend, Louisa. But shout-out. I think it's great cuz if you get one that's that long, it's it's it's more it's more there's [laughter] more goodness in it. &gt;&gt; It's committed. Do you all &gt;&gt; No one has ever asked me to wish one of their friends a happy birthday. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; But you're open to it. Oh, I would definitely do Hearts and minds. You know? You're open to it. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Is there an Is there You know, obviously Mark is in his Zuckerberg he's in his oversize shirt era. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Are there moments where you could be 

[26:30] like, "Are you going to wear the chain on the outside, Mark?" Can you have that shorthand? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I mean, I think it's good. I think it's good for him to lean into his own style and figure out how he wants to express himself. I've definitely had a chain out at times, so I can't be throwing shade at that. All right. But I don't know. I just feel like for a long time, it was a very focused uniform. It was like, you know, jeans and Adidas sandals and a gray T-shirt. So, I'm I'm glad he's exploring a little bit more on the fashion side. I I love it. I think it humanizes him. Like for so long, you were like, "Who is this guy?" And like the second that he started doing that, you were like, "Oh. Oh, he's he's him. He's him with the tees and the It's like He's a real guy. &gt;&gt; You got to be you. You You show If you're showing up 

[27:17] online, in you know, obviously you want to be thoughtful about how you show up. But if you're inauthentic, people can sniff it out, and people [clears throat] hate that. And so, you have to find something authentic to tap into, and then if people like it, great. If they don't, that's also okay. But if you're trying to hide something or pretend to be something you're not, I think people can smell that. And so, I'm I'm just like, "Look, you know, you be you. Whatever Whatever you're into." I think it's good to figure out how to find a piece of that that you feel like comfortable sharing if you're trying to share online in the first place. I I feel comfortable asking this now that it's technically also an American company, but like is there ever a fear that like maybe there's like a spy from TikTok or like there's like someone from another social media company who's trying to like I'm sure all of that happens. That definitely happens. You 

[28:05] think so? Oh, yeah. I'm sure there are companies that have people go I'm sure there's I mean, I'm sure even governments have done it or tried to do it at times. I think we try to take security really seriously, which is why we, you know, lock down access to data in a bunch of different ways. We track everything. We try to be really, really careful. But at our scale, that's inevitable. Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's wild. So, you got a couple spies out there, huh? I'm not saying there You don't think there's a little rat &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm not I'm saying Spying goes two ways. No, I'm just saying that we are honest about the risks and we try to reduce the chances of anything bad happening. Wow, so interesting. That's amazing. I would I would be a terrible spy. Imagine me just like undercover at TikTok working for 

[28:49] Instagram. They'd catch me day of. Um Adam, what's next for Instagram? Like what is Like Like is there like something enormous on the horizon or is there like a a new North Star? Like I just feel like you guys are so great at pivoting with the times and always sort of find like figuring out what's next. Like what is next? &gt;&gt; There's a lot going on right now. I think the Well, I want to acknowledge up front that I know it's frustrating when Instagram changes. Cuz you feel like it's yours or you got used to it or you got good at it, and all of a sudden it feels like we pulled the rug out from under you. The flip side is if we didn't evolve, then we would be irrelevant. There's no way I would be you'd ask me to be here today or I'd be here today if we didn't have stories or Reels or recommendations or DMs. If we were just a feed of square 

[29:40] photos with filters, we would have kind of fallen by the wayside. The thing So, we always try to evolve, but stay true to our core identity of, you know, connecting people over creativity. But, the thing that I'm personally really excited about right now is if a big part of what we do is help people explore their interests, get connected to creatives in whatever they're into, and then talk about them with their friends. I think a really interesting question is how can you more actively shape that? You know, we talked about talking to the algorithm before. So, actually just this week we started to test out this sort of tune your algorithm feature. We It was inspired by a meme on Threads 2 years ago, which was called Dear Algo. So, all these people were just writing to the algorithm, like, "Please stop showing me friends of my high school friends' kids." You know, like, stuff 

[30:24] like that. Um stuff that we not might not actually be able to deliver on. Um but, we were with some of this new technology, particularly around AI, there are opportunities now where we can both make the algorithm more human-understandable and malleable. So, with this one What we're starting with is what we So, it's simple. You can add things You can see what we think you're interested in. And then you can add things that we may have missed, and you can remove things if we're wrong about things. Or, you can just even say I don't actually want to see anything about whatever it is. Maybe you're just like, "I you know, I quit American football. I just don't want to see anything about football." You can actually just do that. Sure. And it's pretty fun to actually go and look and see what we think you're into, and then 

[31:07] go make some corrections. And then once you do, right now it's just in Reels. When you're scrolling through Reels, well, if we showed you something that you asked for, let's say you asked for parenting advice. It would literally say with the little, you know, tag parenting advice. So, you can see that you're getting it cuz you asked for it. Right. &gt;&gt; And so, this idea of shaping your algorithm is something I'm very excited about, and it's really only possible at scale over the last year or so. Um so, we're just starting to test this with a very small percentage of people in the US to start. Um but, I'm hoping to get that out over the next couple months. And is it true, like, I've heard something to the effect of I think I think Tyler Cowen was talking about this on the Rick Rubin podcast. You know, I listen to what economists I'm well-rounded. And [laughter] then I graduated high 

[31:48] school. Um but, Rick Rubin's got some long pods. Long pods. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's he's a he's an interesting, brilliant cat. He's smart. He's very smart. And &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; they were saying how originally, you know, the big tech companies were trying to especially social media companies were acquiring these AI engineers in compensation packages that looked like 10, 15 million dollars, right? But, now they were saying like, "It's getting to a point where of this small group of like true AI cutting-edge engineers, these guys are like making hundreds of millions of dollars." Like, the offers have become so insane because someone high up at these companies can go, you know, "If this person can give us such an edge on the AI of it all, like, yeah. Like, let's just do it. Like, it's it makes sense." Like, is that where we're getting with AI? It's just such an extreme 

[32:42] um field of of upside? Yes and no. So, most of what you read about in terms of the offers are greatly exaggerated, but it still is a lot of money. So, I don't want to pretend like it's not. I think that some of these foundation models and cutting-edge models work model work is there's really a small group of people who's really good at it. And so, there's an immense amount of competition to hire that talent, which is what's driving up the cost of, you know, hiring these people. Um but, it is pretty wild because it's some of these techniques are decades old, but a lot of it are just brand new and novel, and everyone's kind of learning on the fly. So, a lot of this talent um and then there's not a lot of it overall, is also like really young. Um these are young engineers who 

[33:29] &gt;&gt; Yeah. A lot of them are in their 20s. &gt;&gt; Wow. Um they're &gt;&gt; Are IVs still like Ivy kids, Ivy League kids, or maybe not? Uh maybe not. I mean, some of them it's it's people it's not something you can go learn in school. So, because it's so new, it's a bunch of techniques and technologies that are evolving very quickly. So, it's people who are very quick learners, who are willing who who actively experiment. It's a much more scrappy type of engineer or researcher, really, than what we, you know, most of the Valley has historically hired, which are much more like, "This is the right way to build a database that serves this many millions of people over this many data, you know, this many data centers." Where there's like a right way to do it. You could write a PhD about it. This is not that. Um there are PhDs about the research, for sure, who work in the 

[34:20] research area, but the people who are building the applied stuff, it's a small group of people, they're very young, and they're very um scrappy. Um it's it's kind of wild to see them do the what they do. Wow. Well, Ben Ben's lost to ChatGPT. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We We we've I We've lost, Ben. &gt;&gt; used I I haven't used Google in a year. I mean, it's just it's literally I have not used Google in a year. I have a question, it's ChatGPT for sure. He's all ChatGPT. &gt;&gt; I I love chat. This episode of the Good Guys podcast is brought to you by our friends at Signos. Folks, did you know that 73.6% of US adults are classified as overweight or obese? It's not mean, it's the truth. 88% of Americans are classified as metabolically unhealthy. Global diabetes diagnoses are projected to reach 1.3 billion by 2050. I'm not here to scare you, I'm here to talk to 

[35:13] you about Signos. When you eat carbs, your blood sugar rises. Your body releases insulin to shuttle that sugar into your cells for energy. But, if you're insulin resistant, the sugar doesn't get used properly. It lingers in your bloodstream. That's when weight gain, fatigue, and long-term health risks start to build. And most importantly for me, brain fog. That's why when I eat a bagel on the podcast, all of a sudden, I can't see straight. That's because my blood sugar is out of whack. And you How did I learn that, folks? How did I learn that? Because of Signos. Signos packages an AI-powered platform for deciphering unique metabolisms with a continuous glucose monitor or biosensor, which enables users to see how food choices, timing, activity, stress, and even sleep affect their bodies in real time. You get to learn what foods actually cause your blood sugar spikes. So, you can uh avoid them, or maybe eat them at a time where 

[36:08] you don't have an incredibly important meeting or incredibly important podcast where you need to be incredibly sharp, okay? You get in-the-moment alerts when your glucose is rising, plus personalized suggestions like taking a quick walk. You understand the difference between physical hunger and stress eating. And most importantly, you feel more energized throughout the day and sleep better at night after taking the insights that you get from Signos and transferring them to your daily life. So, folks, if this sounds like something that could interest you, Signos took the guesswork out of managing my weight and gave me personalized insights into how my body works, and I'm sure they can do the same for you. With an AI-powered app and biosensor, Signos helped me build healthier habits and stick to them. Right now, Signos has an exclusive offer for our listeners. If you go to signos, signos.com, 

[36:55] you get $10 off select plans with code good guys. That's signos.com code good guys for $10 off select plans today. This episode of the Good Guys podcast is brought to you by our friends at Function. Folks, I chose Function because it's the only health platform that gives me data most people never get and the insights to start doing something about it. Inside Function, you get access to test over 100 biomarkers, from hormones to toxins to markers of heart health, inflammation, and stress. For an additional fee, you can also access MRI and chest CT scans, all tracked in one secure place over time. It's in your 360° view to better see what's happening in your body. That's why top health leaders such as Dr. Mark Hyman, Dr. Andrew Huberman, Dr. Jeremy London, Dr. Benjamin Salfer are all behind Function. Folks, if I'm behind Function, you got to take a look at this, okay? Because lab visits fast and convenient at over 2,000 locations 

[37:46] across the US. It's just $4.99 a year. That's $1.37 a day for advanced health insights. You literally spend $4.99 on something so much sillier than your health. You should absolutely consider this. All results are tracked over time in one secure place. So, you see how your health evolves. Insights come from top doctors based on your unique results. And folks, if you tried to do this on your own, I know what you're thinking. $4.99, Ben. I can do that on my own. You can't. It would cost you 10 grand. What are you, nuts? Do it through Function. I'm telling you, folks, do it through Function. And Function doesn't push supplements or pharmaceuticals. It's just powerful, unbiased data designed to help you own your health. So, folks, are you ready to sign up for Function? Of course, you are, because it's absolutely fantastic. I love it. I got my biomarkers checked. I found out what I was deficient in. You're going to find out what you're deficient in, too. 

[38:32] You're going to optimize. You're going to supplement. You're going to become the best version of yourself. Learn more and join using our link. Function is in your 360° view to see what's happening in your body. And the first 1,000 people get a $100 credit towards their membership. Visit functionhealth.com/goodguys or use gift code good guys 100 at sign up to own your health. That's functionhealth.com/goodguys. Rings? Like, or Is it called the ring or Instagram rings? &gt;&gt; Rings. Just rings. &gt;&gt; The award show? Rings, rings, rings. Josh, you've heard of rings? No, what is this? Another award I'm not nominated for? Yeah, ring Well, we need to find out how we get nominated for rings. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh. Really? Rings Rings is the Emmys of Instagram. They are awarding creators. 

[39:21] They have a format. And we were nowhere to be found. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; We get it. Give it to I show speed. What did he say? He's so talented. [laughter] Something like that. Something like that. Oh, man. Oh, god. When is that? Uh so, we just did our first &gt;&gt; It happened. It happened. I didn't even get [laughter] an invite. It happened. No, we lost. It's over. We lost. &gt;&gt; small. The idea was to try to recognize creatives from different countries and in different verticals. And do something small to start. I don't think you can go out of the gate if you want this to matter long term and try to blow it out of the water. You got to like build it up and earn that credibility over time. So, we'll see how it goes. But, we had about 13 12 or 13 judges who nominated people plus a bunch that we pulled just from Instagram and then 

[40:12] they voted and then we had 25 winners. We just had a dinner in New York about a week or two ago. And we gave them an actual ring designed by this amazingly talented designer named Grace Wales Bonner out of London. Actually, she got hired to be the creative director for Hermes men like the next week. And we also gave him a couple kind of fun little things in Instagram. So, they can they get the they get a their story ring is a different style, you know, a ring. They can make their profile any color they want. So, if you stumble upon one of these profiles and it's just green or wild yellow that they're they're one of the winners. And there's one or two more things going to come out for them over the next couple months. But, just try to give some of the most interesting creatives and smaller ones their flowers. Some of the judges were 

[41:03] pretty big names, but we tried to find up-and-coming talent on the on the on the creative side. That's cool. That Super cool. Yeah, I like the small I like you awarding smaller creatives cuz pretty much whatever Ben and I are sending back and forth it other than the New York City mayoral race Ben [laughter] and I sending like these people have 40 followers, but we'll be like this is maybe some of the great comedy. &gt;&gt; That's the best stuff. When you can find a small creator who just crushes, that's I think that's the good stuff. Oh, yeah. And news anchor fuck-ups Josh, have you seen these recently? The news anchor fuck-ups. &gt;&gt; Shepard Smith The woman reading Latits, have you seen that one? It's the she's trying to pronounce a town. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, no. And she just goes Latits and they're like it's Letits. 

[41:57] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I just saw a reel this morning. It was just mispronunciations of news anchors in a row just getting progressively worse worse and worse. Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; The only one I can remember was this guy read manslaughter as man's laughter. Oh, that's good. So good. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; They're so good. All of them? All of them. All of them are so funny. Oh, man. &gt;&gt; Man's laughter. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; What um can we can I put you on the spot? &gt;&gt; Please. Can we know the president of Instagram screen time? Oh, yeah. Yeah, sure. Hold on. Where's my screen? I I was trying to figure out where you were going with that. I was like, "Wow, he's really asking his salary?" &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm sure that's public. I'm a shareholder. I can find that out right 

[42:40] now. Oh, my. &gt;&gt; Please. All right. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Where is it? Where's screen time? Did they move screen time in the new one? Here it is. Got it. Okay. So, average this week 4 hours and 19 minutes a day. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Stop it. What the hell? You're the president of the biggest social media company in the world and I'm double on my phone. Yeah, well, &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's why he's the president. He uses your phone. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It doesn't maybe is this No, I think that's I mean that's what it says. I didn't This phone is new. So, I don't have Sundays. So, maybe it dragged the average down, but I think it does it properly. &gt;&gt; Can that be? And how much time on Instagram? Well, 

[43:25] it won't it puts all of the because they have the dev builds for all the meta apps. It puts them all together. So, I can't really see that. Plus, I spend a lot of time on my desktop on it. So, it probably underestimates it. Wow, I'm not a big Instagram desktop guy. I'm not Is it What's that experience like? I for me it's work cuz I'm using it to like I like I said, I like to go in the requests folder. So, I'll go in there when I'm working if I'm between meetings, I'll go there and I'll just go through a bunch of requests and send a bunch of replies. And what does a day look like for you? Like an average day as the president of Instagram? It's very uh it's a very strange job. So, it could be it just I mean, there's a there's How do I explain this? There's a few modes of operation. There's one like what a typical day looks like. So, a typical day would be go to the office, you know, obviously 

[44:12] wake up wake up the kid well, they wake me up, feed them breakfast, then get them out of the house. We talked about the kids stuff before maybe before the book was recording. But, the the first 90 minutes is 100% about these three boys who don't listen to me. Ah, Dad, I want cereal. I'm the president of Instagram. [laughter] Can you get the Lucky Charms? Come on, Dad. Why [laughter] wait? That was good. I love how Adam Waheed keeps coming up with this. He's [laughter] a sweetie. He's weird. YEAH, GOOD. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; GRACIE ANN, THE [laughter] BIG WINNER. OH, my god. He has nightmares about Adam Waheed waking up in the middle of the night. Shut [laughter] up. Okay, so a typical day is just a bunch 

[44:59] of meetings and then a bunch of spreadsheets and emails. Like I'll meet with my my staff, the people who work for me directly. I'll do a couple product reviews of teams who are working on things like maybe a team is working on like a new safety feature. Like you know, we have like team who worked on teen accounts which launched last year. So, I'll meet with them and go over their road map. I'll go represent Instagram within Meta at other meetings. So, maybe there's a leadership meeting across the execs from all the family all the app leads to talk about something. A one-on-one with someone. It's very schizophrenic. It could be from safety to a new creative feature to meeting a creator to having a one-on-one to you know, I don't know whatever else comes up. But, then that's one mode of operation. And then the other mode is everything gets flipped on its head. 

[45:42] Like I'll be on the road. So, you know, I you know, I'll go to India and I'll meet with a bunch of creators, do we'll host an event, I'll do a meeting with a minister or a policy maker. I'll do some press, you know, and then I'll get on a plane to go to New York and it'll be a completely different 3 days, you know. So, it can be and that's very like everything is different for between 2 and 10 days and then I go back to my normal routine. And do you get like um do you get briefed in the morning? Like does your team go like, "Here's what happened in the last 24 hours on Instagram?" Or here Oh, no, that sounds nice. No, I I have a bunch of dashboards [laughter] that I look at. So, in the morning I will almost always start by getting a sense of you know, my inbox. So, you know, I get a lot of emails. And then I'll take a look at what's what how the platform is doing. So, I'll look at all right like how you know, are people 

[46:38] using it you know, more or less? Are they sharing more or less? You know, what does it look How does it How do the trends look in different countries? Is there something unexpected going on to just to ground myself in the data. And what what happens when like you get a call that Kanye's popping off, right? On on Instagram. I'm sure people are going to love three Jews talking about Kanye. Um but like you know, What could go wrong? &gt;&gt; It's a part &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's a part of he just came to mind, but like someone with a massive amount of followers is starting to go is be slightly erratic. What does that chain of command look like? What what actions take are taken? So, if someone so, even if you're Kanye, if you're anybody who's a big account, if you're violating the community standards and the content doesn't isn't allowed on 

[47:31] Instagram, it'll get taken down. Um so, that's not really much of a conversation. If someone is like pushing the boundaries or starting to get a little you know, it looks like they might be going in a weird place or something's off, it's it's the partnerships team that will handle it. So, they'll like try to talk to them and they'll be like, "Hey, just so you know, like this is what is allowed. This is what's not allowed." Like try to make sure that they have good information so they can make informed decisions about what to do or not do on the platform. And then but ultimately, they get um we have to try and do our best to balance both speech which we believe in deeply and we think is super important, but also safety which matters a ton. But, it must also be it you know, when you're going to lock someone out of their account that's a super public 

[48:18] person, I'm sure there's there's a big conversation right of how close to the edge are they getting? Yeah, yeah. We'll try to just make sure we don't make any mistakes. So, if it's someone if it's a major account, we'll just try to make sure cuz we make a I mean, there's millions of things reported every day if not more. So, there's systems that try to do this at scale. There's both classifiers and technology but also tens of thousands of people who look at content and make decisions. They're content moderators. But, if it's a major account, we'll just try to really make sure that we don't make a mistake. We'll double triple check it. Make sure someone senior looks at it and is like, "No, this is or this is not violating." Right. Good to know. It's more costly to make mistakes with big accounts. So, we try to invest more to make sure we make less mistakes. But, we want to make less mistakes everywhere. 

[49:03] It's not good for us ever to make a mistake. I mean, you think about someone like who is the number one person? Ronaldo? On Instagram? By followers? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um it might be. I think it might be. I mean, actually I think the Instagram account might be the biggest is the biggest, but that's not really fair. So, Ronaldo's one of the biggest. Why is that not fair? Just cuz it it might not get as much engagement as someone with less followers? No, it's just it is On Instagram, you expect people to go find and search for Instagram. I think it's just I'm I'm surprised that you guys didn't pull a YouTube on like what Oh yeah, yeah, or no, or Tom. When on on the Apple on the Apple product you got Yeah, like you got the Nano and that stupid YouTube album was on it. Like I'm surprised &gt;&gt; in your phone into your car for like 5 

[49:53] years. Yes, it would play that stupid Yeah, it was bad. It would play. Like I'm surprised that when you I'm surprised that when you download Instagram you're not automatic like I'm surprised Instagram doesn't have 3 billion followers. &gt;&gt; No, I think it's good for us to to I mean look it would be it wouldn't be crazy. People have done it, but I think it's good for us to experience what it's like to actually try to use the platform. And that that builds empathy but also just understanding of what's working what's not. There's not that many people who work at Instagram who have large followings. There's maybe like two or three of us. So actually I find bugs all the time that the team doesn't find cuz they don't have the same experience cuz they don't have thousands of people messaging them angry things, you know, so they like their DMs 

[50:36] just look very different. The request folder loads just fine for them. And I'm like this is slow as hell. Like we got to fix this. Can you ever reply with a little sass? Just a little. I think [laughter] about it all time. I think about it all the time. I I have recently. &gt;&gt; Really? What Give me a good example. Clelia Clelia was a little sass. &gt;&gt; Not a little. That was cute. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I am I work with a a foundation called Feed the Streets in LA. Mhm. We're a very small grassroots and we do four feeds a week on Skid Row, MacArthur Park, just helping the homeless. &gt;&gt; I mean that's like where they need it most. Yeah, and it's great and it's just a group of us. And so when I'm there I always will try to post something cuz I have 17 million followers. Like can't hurt. Yeah. And also we don't have a social media team. 

[51:24] &gt;&gt; Yeah. And someone wrote me something to the effect of like feeding the homeless and posting it on your social media, what a loser. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; And I was like This will not stand. Someone said something on the internet somewhere I disagree with. I must engage. I was like brother. So I wrote him back. I said, "Hi." I was [laughter] like "So glad you discovered Feed the Streets on social media as many of our volunteers have because of posts like this." &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; "I said, please feel free to join us anytime." And I ended it with "I'm there every week. Come find me, dog." Oh man. I didn't write "Come find me, dog." but you know, it was inferred. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, I don't think that I don't think I 

[52:11] don't think it's I don't think it would go well for me to to get sassy. So I think I should just keep it straight. It's always a temptation for a little sass. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; This episode of the Good Guys podcast is brought to you by our friends at Warby Parker. Folks, I love Warby Parker. I love Warby Parker. I love Warby Parker. I wear Warby Parker. When you see me in those green shades, I'm wearing Warby Parker. Because Warby Parker is convenient. Because Warby Parker has wonderful customer service. Because Warby Parker is the right cost for a premium product. I walked into a Warby Parker Manhattan. I needed new glasses. I said to myself, you know, I don't want to pay too much for a pair of glasses, but I really want great glasses. And I want them right now. And I walked into a Warby Parker. I picked out what I wanted. I picked out those gorgeous 

[53:00] green frames. I had a lovely person help me out. And I paid like literally $100. It was unparalleled how much cheaper Warby Parker was than any of the competitors that I have ever tried. And the best part is, folks, they have an eye doctor on site. So if you don't want to go to the eye doctor, wait for them to write a prescription, send it over to you, walk into a Warby Parker, you can do it literally right there. I did it right there. They also fit me for contacts. They fit me for contacts at the Warby Parker. And I can buy my contacts through Warby Parker. Warby Parker is this one-stop shop. Let me tell you, they are absolutely fantastic. There is no other option. If you are looking for glasses, if you are looking for contacts, the quality uncompromised. It's so unbelievably easy with their stores and online. And they're unbelievably affordable. I literally it was $95. $95? 

[53:47] That is just so perfectly priced. I couldn't recommend Warby Parker more. So folks, Warby Parker has over 300 locations to help you find your next pair of glasses. You can head over to warbyparker.com/goodguys right now to try on any pair virtually. Look at this tech. How cool are they? That's warbyparker.com/goodguys. warbyparker.com/goodguys today. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I have a I have a very random question. With 3 billion users, do you guys ever think about incubating products? Like obviously like you guys are the marketplace for advertising. You have creators advertising, you have creators launching their own brands. Like you you could obviously have the greatest VC incubation arm of CG products of all time. Like is that ever is that ever a thought? Not really. I mean we've talked about 

[54:41] it. I think in general we would rather be a marketing platform for the people who are going to be better at building products than us to market and find audiences for those products. I think in general it's an it's a it's a very fortunate opportunity for us to be a platform. It doesn't come without its responsibilities. There's a lot of responsibility for it, but it's it's nice to not have to deal with producing much hardware outside of the data centers. It's nice not to have to produce a ton of content outside of our own channels. It's I think platform is just a remarkably amazing business. Now look at as a company we do get into other industries, right? You know, we make hardware with you know, the sort of smart glasses and the AR glasses and we've done obviously virtual reality headsets. Patagonia jackets. &gt;&gt; Patagonia jackets, yeah. 

[55:32] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I saw that one that you were wearing together. Um but for [clears throat] Instagram I think we're we like to try to we like to try to keep it focused. I feel like Instagram is too complicated as it is. In general I'm trying to figure out ways for us to do less things and do them better. And so I think focus is really a major part of the ethos that Kevin and Mike really started the company and the group with. And so I want to make sure we stay true to that. But it has to be so hard to stay that focused, right? Like I again, this is why I I should never be the president of Instagram. But with 3 billion users like you could take out Uber tomorrow. Like you can just you can just build Uber. Like the hardest thing is acquiring 3 billion people. Like it's it's mind-blowing to me. Like 

[56:14] &gt;&gt; It's it's an immense amount of reach and opportunity, but I also think we often underestimate what it takes to do something well. Um and so I still I still feel like we don't do most of what we should do as well as we should. I'm constantly feeling like we should be doing better. I'm constantly feeling like I should be doing better. Maybe that's just my you know, my my my character trait or flaw. Um but I would watch I'd much rather get to best in class across the key things first before expanding to something else if I could. This is you one of our last two questions. This is you know, this is asked during all presidential elections and you're a president. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So we're going to Definitely not a president, but but let's do it. 

[56:56] What keeps you up at night? Oh my god, all I do is worry. About Instagram. &gt;&gt; About Instagram. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I swear to you I mean just how many times how many things do you want? Like what could go like what's the call you fear? A server went down? Like Adam Waheed moves to TikTok? [laughter] Still going back to Adam. Um I think most of my concerns ladder up to us I think failing to adapt as the world changes around us. So you know, we're a big company. Um the team is big. The team is thousands of people. The company's you know, tens of thousands of people. In usually what happens when you're in a position like we are is that not it's not that competition isn't a risk. Sorry, it's not that competition isn't a risk. Competition is a risk. What what 

[57:48] really happens is competition adapts to the world as it changes faster than you do. So whether it is you know, minimizing the bad so addressing safety concerns and keeping people safe on the platform or it's maximizing the good leaning into whatever the new trend is on how people entertain themselves or connect with friends. You know, you if you don't move quickly someone else will. And you might move slower because you're too risk-averse or you're too worried about, you know, revenue this quarter or you are not connected with what the trends are that are happening or there's too much regulatory burden or there's too much in-fighting and or complacency. Like it almost always ladders up to failing to adapt. And so I [clears throat] worry most of my fears are about us missing things that are important either opportunities to maximize the 

[58:37] good or minimize the bad. And then that really adding up over time and getting the better of us. Yeah. You need to be more like that, Ben. You need to think that way. &gt;&gt; You're the president of this spot. I think you're doing great. &gt;&gt; He is. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Thank you. I'm so lucky to have him. But he's like a real businessman. I'm the actor kind of. The talent? What do you call it? Yes, the talent. Just double clicking on that for 1 second. I just as you have three kids, Josh has three kids, I have a baby boy. Are we spoke about this in the last podcast. Like when are we going to allow our kids to even have phones? &gt;&gt; question. &gt;&gt; And Josh and I are are big proponents of really really really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] late. Yeah. And you're and you're talking about like Instagram for teens. Like how do you approach Like there's there's two sides 

[59:25] to the coin, right? Of course make Instagram safe. I'm sure that's something that keeps you up at night. But on this on the flip side of that like just like these constant dopamine hits, no matter how safe Instagram is for kids, phones in general. Like, do you have a do you have a perspective on that? Like, like, when should kids really be downloading apps? When should they be getting smartphones? Do you have a perspective there? Yeah. I mean, I would say a few different things. And maybe I'll take off my Instagram hat for a second and just focus on me, Adam, as a dad. I think it's important to be honest about the fact that every kid is different. And their needs and their risks are different. I wouldn't be surprised if I don't feel that my three boys are all ready at the same age for smartphones or for social media. 

[60:13] Um I you know, they're so different. You only have one, so you probably don't know this yet, but you've got three. There's no better lesson on the question of nature versus nurture than having three. And you're like, you are all completely different. And I'm pretty sure I raised you more or less the same. Yeah. And so I think it's about one, understanding your individual child's needs. Um and then two, trying to meet those needs, but for me, I think what matters is boundaries. I think it's super important for parents to set boundaries in general. My mom always used to tell me when I went out of the house as a college as a high school kid, she always say moderation, which I thought was like a reasonable but realistic ask. But for me with my kids, they're not old enough for social media, they're nine, seven, and five. But they have iPads, they play video games. And for me, it's like, okay, well, what 

[60:59] are the rules, right? They have they can only play it on the weekends. They have to earn their time. So, you know, for every 30 minutes of homework that they do, they earn 30 minutes. And I'll never take the time away cuz I I used to do that and that was wildly disregulating and that ended up really badly for everybody. Um but it's capped. And so they know it, they know they're not allowed to play until 7:00 a.m. so they don't have an excuse to come into my room at 5:00 a.m. and wake me up to try to get on an iPad. So I just create boundaries. What's hard it's but but I would want to acknowledge that it's much easier said than done. We're trying as a platform to provide tools to help parents enforce those boundaries so you can actually say my teen can only use Instagram on these days or for this amount of time. You can actually, you know, set that up and then we will enforce it on your behalf. 

[61:44] But I think that combination of understanding an individual child's needs and risks and then setting up clear boundaries, I think is maybe the two most important pieces of advice I would give a parent when trying to decide when is your kid ready for a phone or a lot of kids I know um my kids don't have them yet. They're getting like smartwatches cuz their parent in the city wants to know where the kid is. &gt;&gt; Sure. Um or, you know, access to the internet. Like, my my kid wants access to the computer now cuz he likes to do research about Pokémon and things. And honestly, you know, if he can open up Safari, he can and he's pretty smart, he can get he can find anything. And so it's not just about social media or even phones, it's just if you have access to the internet, you have access to anything that you could find on the internet if you want 

[62:31] if you were looking for it. So, you know, there's it's important for parents to set up boundaries and to educate their kids and to think about their kids' individual needs. Yeah. Isn't it crazy Pokémon was big for us and now it's big for our kids. &gt;&gt; I cannot believe how big it is. They love it. They're obsessed. Yeah. My kid can rattle off like the evolutions of any random Pokémon from like any series. He just like studies them &gt;&gt; Wow. That's smart. for fun. Like my kid, he just goes, "A shiny one." Oh, yeah. I was I took notes. I was like, [laughter] you got to meet your kids where they're at. So I was like, explain this to me. It's complicated. &gt;&gt; It is. The card game is really complicated. Yeah. &gt;&gt; There's a lot going on. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay, so before our final question, what do you nut moment of the week, I just want to say here officially, there is a 

[63:16] a such thing as shadow banning or there isn't. So it means different things to different people. People use that term to just say they're not getting as much reach as they think they deserve. There are instances in which we will limit someone's reach. So if you posted a bunch of content that got taken down recently, if you're not if you're posting content that doesn't violate our community guidelines but we don't but violates our recommendation guidelines, so we won't show it to people who don't follow you. Mhm. You will have a limited reach, but you can see it. You can go to profile settings, account status, and you can see if there are any issues on your account and then you can try to either appeal them if you think we made a mistake or remove the content if you, you know, see that that's why you're not being recommended anymore. And so you can go see it. Um so but yes, 

[64:02] your account can have its reach limited, but you can go to profile settings, account status, and then see what's going on and then act on that information. And then once you correct it, I find there's there've been a few times and it's really the only times that I've ever posted anything political, I'll just see just it's just a downtrend in in in reach. Yeah. After I post any and it's rare, maybe every couple years. Um and then I just give it a couple days and it like shakes out. Like it it sort of has to find its medium, but it takes like a week or two. So, what's probably happening there without looking into your specific account is it's not that you're posting about politics or like, no, we want to downrank politics. We don't do that. It's that a lot of people who followed you because you don't normally post about politics didn't follow you for 

[64:53] your political opinions. Right. &gt;&gt; And so they maybe were less likely to interact or like or share that when they saw it. And so we just it looks like it's doing less well to us than the normal piece of content. We don't even know if it's about politics. It's just getting less engagement per impression than your average post and so it does less well cuz we just think it's less interesting to other people. Whereas there are accounts who post about politics all the time and that's why people follow them and they tend to do well in general. So, if you if you really pivot subjects often, you know, either to or away from something politics or otherwise, you you can often see your reach go down because it's just because that's not why people followed you in the first place. Wow. &gt;&gt; Doesn't mean you shouldn't do it. You should just know why it's happening. Good to know. That's it. Uh no more 

[65:40] endorsements from Josh Peck. &gt;&gt; Okay. It's it's funny. It's it's funny, Josh. When I write a political megillah on Instagram stories, it gets the most reach out of anything. I'm not even kidding. Like when I post when I post like a static with text on stories, it destroys. Interesting. &gt;&gt; Versus when I do a video, it's so weird. It's like I like like destroys. My my reach will be like 30% of my followers. Some people find photos and videos most people find the opposite, but I definitely hear regularly from creators who find that either carousels in feed with photos or stories or photos in stories do better for them than videos. I hear that regularly. Yeah, so &gt;&gt; But my dear Ben, I must say you are like I know you always say you're not political. I would say you're political adjacent and I don't think that's negative, but I think you make sure when you feel passionate about something you speak up. 100%. Uh I guess it was more 

[66:32] to what Adam said, which is I don't think anybody followed me for my political opinions or or for my commentary. So the fact that they do so well had me thinking, is it simply the format that I'm putting text on like that it's not a video versus what I'm actually saying. I don't I don't know the answer. Um but I just always found it incredibly interesting that like a story like that will get 400,000 views and it's like that's a lot of views. third of my reach. Like why is it why is it so big? Yeah, because your feed is like goes from look at this big caniche to what's Gavin Newsom thinking? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; YES, WE GOT HIM. THE OTHER WAY. HONESTLY, that's that's true. It goes from a salami to Mom Donny. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Should we get to what do you nut spin? Absolutely, Adam. This is gripes with 

[67:32] people, places, and things, whatever's sticking in your craw. San Francisco, you're a walking woody and nuts. You absolutely have one. Okay, you have one. Uh Josh &gt;&gt; want to think, we can go first. It's our This is our final question. So, we we each do one. Do you want to think about it? I can tell you the first one that came to my mind, but I'm also happy to let you guys go first [laughter] and see what this is all about. Yeah, but if one popped into your head that was good, feel free. &gt;&gt; I'll give you So I just I don't want to sound like a bad dad, but but but my 7-year-old is the first thing that popped into my head. So my wife doesn't get up early. I usually get up before she does and I'm kind of on breakfast duty when she comes down. And at 7:00, I mean, it's all all morning from from 6:00 a.m. on, it's unbelievable what this one does. So 

[68:17] first, he will I don't know why I'm saying this on on being [laughter] recorded, but he will come into my room at around 6:00 on the dot. He'll come into my bathroom and he'll take his morning poop. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Solid. He has a bathroom. There's no reason for him to be At least now he's old enough, but he used [laughter] to yell like, "Will someone wipe my butt?" That's how I wake up at like 5:50 [laughter] in the morning. And then it's just a fight for the whole for the next 90 minutes. It's like, you know, he punches his friend his brother in the back of the head for no reason. He won't eat his whatever. It's it's eggs and bacon. Who doesn't like bacon? And then the thing that really gets me is that like 7:55, we leave at 8:00. 

[68:59] I'll be like, "All right. Everybody out." Like shoes and socks. I'm like I'm like done. I need to get you guys out of the house. Shoes and socks. Everyone shoes and socks on. And then, you know, I know I shepherd them over and he will just turn around, walk straight to the couch, and then pick up the remote and turn on the TV and then yell at me, "Where's the baseball game?" And I'm like, "What do you Nat What do you First [laughter] of all, there's no baseball game. It's 8:00 in the morning. Like, we just said everyone your brother's by the He's getting his shoes on. Like, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; his ability to completely ignore me entirely Great. &gt;&gt; is unbelievable. I I have this this the contrast between going to work and saying the wrong thing and having 50 people go in the wrong direction for a month and fighting for like fifth most 

[69:41] influential in my household. It goes like my 7-year-old, my wife, my 9-year-old, my 5-year-old, and then me and the nanny are battling for fifth on a daily basis. Is like unbelievable. I just wish like I had a little bit more sway at home and a little bit less at work. But he's the one who's always humbling. It's just I can say he just walks away. Just you're like go left. He's like I'm going to go right now and just walks away. It's I I'm it drives me it drives me nuts. It's different than what do you nuts? No, it's perfect. And the next time he does that you say, "What do you nuts?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. He'll throw that right at me. We're late for school. Shohei's pitching a no-hitter. &gt;&gt; Yes. Son, you're delusional. [laughter] We got to go. That's literally my life every morning. Oh, I love it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great that's a great one. 

[70:29] Uh my what do you nuts moment, I was I was at Equinox the other day on the treadmill. And I was very proudly Josh knows three and a half speed 12 incline 30 minutes. I'm Nice. &gt;&gt; I'm grooving. A good low intensity steady state. Corner of my eye, I see an older gentleman, probably 60 years old. You just see him. Two drumsticks. Drumming. Drumming. He's sitting he's next to like a machine. Air drumming. Drumming. Drumming. All of a sudden I see he takes a stick, throws it against the floor, he tries to catch it, he misses it, it bounces away. He goes back, he's drumming. He throws it against the floor, he tries to catch it, he misses it. He's drumming, he throws it against the floor, he finally catches it, he goes, "Yeah!" And he [laughter] is just practicing. 

[71:19] He is practicing drumming, AirPods in, like full endurance level drumming at the gym, fully air drums. What do you nuts? Okay, this is Equinox. Do you know where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you are? Are you out of your goddamn mind? Like what are you even doing? Like everybody is looking at him like, "This guy is This guy is crazy." And he is just AirPods in. Drumming. And like his foot, you can't see my foot. They can see my foot. You guys can't see my foot because of the new Mac and the way it zooms in on my face so close. He's like doing the pedal with his foot and jamming his wrists. Insanity. Completely nuts. I feel like you got to say hi to that guy. Yeah, he No, he's going to shiv me on the way out. I have no interest in saying hi to that guy. Literally a little knife comes out of this one of his drumsticks. I have no interest [laughter] in that crazy man. My what do you nuts is um 

[72:17] as we all know, I'm a Costco daddy. Love a Costco. Love a sample. Look, one sample per person is what do you nuts? If your sample is off the charts, be proud and let me get another. What do you nuts? Let me go for round two. What's the big deal? It's a sample. Like you're not going to go under from a sample. And I don't cuz I do go for a second and we got to do the no eye contact, right? Just look away. [snorts] And then I just go like I act like [laughter] I'm on the phone or I'm looking at my watch. And but like can't I just like look you dead in the eyes and go, "That was fabulous. I'll have another." What do you nuts? I used to do that, Josh. I'm sure you did this too as a overweight youth. I would I would walk around I would walk around the mall and I would like grab like a nice sesame chicken taster Yeah. &gt;&gt; from the Chinese place and then I would come back around with my hood up and I would grab [laughter] another one. Oh my 

[73:12] god. No. And so are you in the Antifa? No, I'm just fat. [laughter] No, I'm I'm just starving. I would go back and I would I will go back and I'll take two extra, but then I'll also take the thing and buy it. That's like my That's like my cover. It's like, "All right, I will buy these pop whatever popcorn things, but I'm but I'm also going to take another couple extra." I feel like that like gets me the cover I need. &gt;&gt; Smart. It's why he's a person. It balances [laughter] out well. Thank you for doing this, man. &gt;&gt; Adam, it's been an absolute pleasure, Adam. Thank you so much for joining us. Anything that you want to plug, anything that you want to say before we hop off? &gt;&gt; No, I just appreciate the time. I think um it's 

[73:52] parenting is tough. Uh little humor goes a long way, so I was excited to come and meet you all. So thank you for having me. Glad. Thanks. Adam Mosseri is a good guy, folks. Listen to this podcast. This is five stars. Otherwise, what do you nuts? Listen to us wherever you get your podcasts, watch us on YouTube, share our clips, Instagram, and TikTok. Sorry. Mondays and Thursdays we will see you next time.