[00:00] Welcome to another episode of the Mixed Signals podcast from us here at Semaphore. I'm Max Tony. I'm the media editor at Semaphore. And with me as always is our editor-inchief, Ben Smith. Ben, how's it going? Do you like our new theme music? What do you think about it? &gt;&gt; I mean, I you know, I think it's great. I think it captures the uh sophisticated and yet engaged sensibility of this show that we we told the AI to write for us. I have to stop you right there because I don't want the audience to even think for a second that this was done by AI. A human made these uh those sounds that you were just hearing. Uh and uh they also uh the audience also probably picked up the fact that I am much more invested in the theme music of the show uh than you were. &gt;&gt; That's that's why you're the executive producer, Max. &gt;&gt; That is true. That is why I am Yeah, I'm I'm making all the uh the big calls on the show. But this week, we are so 

[00:49] excited. I didn't make this call. You actually did. Uh Ben, you booked our guest uh who we're both extremely stoked to have on uh Adami. He's the head of Instagram and we're getting him on a really interesting week uh in which they have just rolled out this interesting new feature in which you can basically watch Instagram reels on your television now. Uh Ben, this plays a little bit into something that we have been talking about a lot on the show uh it seems like this year and recently. Yeah, you know, I've been trying to get Adam on for a long time because he's been right at the middle of the Facebook Meta, Instagram ch, you know, revolution in media. He was he he ran newsfeed for for for Facebook when I met him. He's, you know, very close to Mark Zuckerberg, but he also comes out of design. And I always, he may take this as an insult, but I always thought he was better at talking to East Coast media types than many of of his of his Silicon Valley peers and 

[01:48] seem to understand where the media industry, where the news industry are coming from. And now he has walked like directly into our kill zone of is everything becoming television because it seems like maybe now Instagram is becoming television with this this app as you said, which will they're testing it out on Amazon Fire TV. Sorry to everyone to all the uh to all the all the &gt;&gt; Roku users &gt;&gt; all the Roku users the Google Home users but um &gt;&gt; but I assume you know but but getting it ready for a broader roll out and it's a product that has among other things this very strange and archaic feature known as channels. &gt;&gt; So um strange a lot is a footed Instagram. Yeah, I mean, we're obviously really interested to ask him about those new features, but also just broadly what Instagram is in 2025. I feel like I've 

[02:38] been on uh my own kind of personal Instagram journey. It used to be just like this thing that I had kind of on private for me and my friends and I would post kind of like, you know, uh pictures of my personal life that I didn't necessarily want uh everybody to see or just wanted only my friends to see and, you know, kind of would post jokes or whatever. and now it's like uh my own personal branding uh platform and I think that they've kind of uh torqued it to be that way. So we really want to ask him like where Instagram is now compared to where it was 5 years ago and also where it's going cuz I think you know Adam has talked a lot about this. It's going to change a lot with AI and with the ways in which short form video has just exploded. So it should be a really interesting conversation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. At some level the question really is just like what is social media and really is social media still a thing. So I we can we can ask him those questions. 

[03:31] &gt;&gt; Yes, absolutely. We're going to take a short break and we'll be right back with Adami right after this. Okay, Adam, we are so excited to have you here with us. Uh, I wanted to start out with kind of a basic question, but one that Ben and I were both interested in, which is what is Instagram in 2025? We feel like it's changed a lot over the past few years, and it's probably going to change a lot more over the over the next few. How would you describe what Instagram is in 2025? So the mission has been for a long time to inspire creativity that connects people. But how people connect with their friends, how people create, how people entertain themselves has changed a lot. So the how changes constantly and I know that can be a lot sometimes for people who are used to things one way. I think the most important things to understand about Instagram in 2025 is that the primary way that people actually share with friends is through messages. It's not 

[04:28] through stories or feed. And the primary way that people entertain themselves and consume public content is video. Um, so it's a lot of DMs and it's a lot of reals right now. Um, and then the next biggest surface is probably stories, particularly for younger people. &gt;&gt; So broadcast sharing, which is a term we use for sharing with lots of people at once, is still a thing. But that's for most people primarily a stories pattern, not a feed pattern. I &gt;&gt; mean, is this like would you call this thing a social network? Yeah, for sure. I think one of our strengths is the fact that you have your friends there. Um, the way I think about it is most uh media or attention businesses have content that is differentiated which is why you go and then more content which might be why you stay. So you you know maybe you subscribe to Time Warner when I was a kid on the East Coast to get to be able to get access to HBO or maybe now you 

[05:26] subscribe to HBO to get access to a specific show. Um, for Instagram, the that that hook for a lot of people is friend content. Um, so and their friends. So it might be &gt;&gt; sharing their biggest moments or sharing lightweight moments and stories or it might be them just sending them funny comedy clips u in DMs, but that's like a real motivator for people to show up &gt;&gt; and then they can stay and spend a lot more time on public content. So, but I guess so we had actually like sort of an adequate an etiquette question on on this front from a mix signals listener Kyle Chica of the New Yorker who who wanted me to ask you like just a matter of etiquette like should people still post about their daily lives on there or just DM their friends in private. &gt;&gt; I think what is old is new is uh again is definitely a bit of a pattern. We've seen this with like uh disposable cameras. Uh we've seen this in general actually. I think that what's a bit of a 

[06:21] broader theme than than daily life to grid is the aesthetic has just changed a lot. People think of Instagram, they think of hyperpolished, photoshopped, high saturation landscapes, etc. But the content that is, I think, driving the most cultural relevance right now is kind of the opposite of that. It's like unprocessed, much more raw, much less, you know, photo dumps. I think people in a world where they're inundated with hyper produced content are gravitating more and more towards content that at least feels more authentic. you're on today, Adam, and I've been I've been chasing you to come on this show for a while, but you finally had some news to make, which is Instagram rolling out an a an app on the the Amazon Fire, which is which is to say it's I mean, I noticed it has not only not only will can I put reels on a big screen, but it will have channels like news, entertainment, and 

[07:18] and you know, a huge theme of this show is is that everything is becoming television. And like that really sounds to me like wow Instagram is now becoming television. What is what's going on? &gt;&gt; So I don't know that I would say that Instagram is becoming television, but I we should definitely go deeper into that. I think that we're just seeing how important TV is as a format um and as just a place where people spend time, right? And historically we've been fighting, you know, with some pretty fierce competition for people's time on mobile phones. Um, but obviously there's an immense amount of time spent on TV, particularly here in the US, but also in Western Europe, also in India, where we're not even really showing up and some of our competition is showing up um with force. So, for us, it's a bit more about making sure that we're not um ignoring such an important media or medium. &gt;&gt; Um, and honestly, I think we're late to 

[08:16] the game, so we've got a lot of catching up to do. When when did this become something that you wanted to do? When you realized like okay uh you know obviously plenty of people are watching uh TV YouTube on their TVs and we'll get to that but when did you decide that this was something that uh both that you wanted to do and that also that Instagram could uh could do on television in a way that would feel fun and interesting and uh you know uh good for the brand. I guess &gt;&gt; we've wanted to do it for a long time. I think it's about when we really decided to actually do it. I mean, there's other people who've been pushing for longer, like um Chris Cox, our CPO, has been like the most consistent advocate for the longest, so he should get some credit, I guess. Um, but we really spun up a team. Um, I think it might have been in the late spring of this year. Uh, so sixish months ago. Um, TV is difficult to build for. Uh, there's a 

[09:07] lot of fragmentation for all the different devices. It's a completely new format. Obviously, for us, the input device is really difficult. So how do you and we've all fought typing to our TV you know your passcode when you can't dictate you know so all these kind of fun challenges that we're not used to but so we started uh we wanted to start on a um one or two platforms to start but then quickly expand &gt;&gt; um and we'll see this is look the first version um that we're announcing now is really just that it's a a first version we we're going to learn a lot I'm sure we'll get a bunch of things wrong but we're going to iterate quickly um the other thing I would say is over the course of the year it became clear that though I wish we had done this years ago the technology is changing in a way that is going to make this a lot easier right so for instance um you know being able to the uplifts in productivity from engineers dri based on AIdriven tools is 

[10:03] much higher for client and server based work than for machine learning or AI based research or foundation based work and this this type of building app is a bit more client server Um also you know the input you know our understanding of language and input is obviously advanced significantly by these large language models which should allow us to do things um that we would have been much more difficult to build only two years ago or even a year ago. So I'm hoping that we can iterate quickly and get to a good place quickly. &gt;&gt; Has the smart TV era also meant kind of a lot more knowledge about who's watching ad targeting things like that? Does that does that affect you? &gt;&gt; Not too much. I I'm sure there's some of that for the industry more broadly, but obviously, you know, our our understanding of users interest is primarily based on their usage of our our apps, which happens obviously on mobile. 

[10:54] &gt;&gt; So, I don't know that I think we should be able to bring a much more relevant ads experience to the TV format than traditional TV obviously. Um, you know, we've all watched ads that were for something that we were not interested in or even for like the wrong gender before. or like I grew up all the time being like, "How is this a thing that I'm getting an ad for as a [laughter] as a as a 14-year-old kid?" &gt;&gt; Um but um &gt;&gt; it turns out it's cuz you're watching cable news. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Turns out turns out they don't know much about me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But you're I think of you, Adam, like and maybe I realize that you might take this sort of as an insult, but like as sort of a something &gt;&gt; I love that preamble before you even tell me something guy among technologists or at least somebody who was always like bilingual. Well, I I mean I spent when I was at BuzzFeed lots 

[11:41] of time in meetings with people where I just felt like we really spoke totally different languages and I always enjoyed talking to you because I felt like you were really bilingual and you came up in design. But &gt;&gt; but but it does feel to me like the things that you have spent a lot of your career building recommendation engines, newsfeed, the structures around Instagram and threads are technological. But there's something about this like television experience which is leaned back fundamentally that feels more like welcome to the media business, Adam. I mean, do you feel like you've crossed a threshold here? &gt;&gt; Um, if there was a threshold, I feel like I've been stepping over it slowly for a long time. I don't know if there's like a Rubicon, so to speak, but &gt;&gt; I do feel like this is going to be humbling. Um, I think that we're going to learn a lot that we don't know. And I 

[12:31] think that's going to be healthy. I I'm constantly concerned about our blind spots. What are the things that we should be concerned about or thinking about that we are not? Uh, and I worry sometimes that as an industry, we come into new territories or industries with a lot of hubris and a lot of confidence. And then um so I'm I'm kind of expecting that with us bringing an experience to the TV. I'm sure there's something that's going to seem silly obvious in retrospect that we missed about just designing the experience and making sure it's relevant or making sure it's easy to use. I mean, are you concerned that what it's going to be is that like high production scripted dramas like beat out UGC and next thing you know you're like competing with Netflix to buy the the remake of The Office. &gt;&gt; I really don't want to get into that business. I think the more likely the more likely tension would be I don't 

[13:28] know that this will be the case but we have been very explicitly and intentionally focused on short form video on Instagram. &gt;&gt; Yeah. My belief is that connecting people with their friends and short form video can be really symbiotic. You know, because you see short form videos, you want to send to your friends. For me, it's, you know, comedy skits I send to my brother or, you know, things about architecture or art I send to my sister. She's a designer. &gt;&gt; Um, and then we have conversations. So, those two things are, you know, they help each other. &gt;&gt; And then I think short form and long form video can be symbiotic. You know, you watch a couple short form movies, maybe you watch a long one, you go back to a couple shorts. Um, I do not know that connecting people with your friends and long form video can be symbiotic. I'm a little bit worried they're too far apart. You watch a 

[14:14] 20-minute video, which doesn't even seem like long, but in the Instagram world is very long. &gt;&gt; That's a lot of reels that you wouldn't have seen and sent to a friend or seen a story from a friend or sent a message to somebody you know or love. M &gt;&gt; so I think that if this one way this might fail we'd like to do these premortems like how how might this not work before we even find out &gt;&gt; is that it might turn out that maybe like you said we'll need premium content to work um I don't know I think YouTube is not big into premium um and YouTube on TVs is much bigger than YouTube TV for TVs as far as we can tell but it might be that we need long form video and then if we need long form video what does that mean for us because that's literally been a market we've explicitly decided not to enter historically. &gt;&gt; Wait, so before we actually get into YouTube, because I I can just I can feel Ben chomping at the bit to to get into 

[15:05] it because we've done so much YouTube this year. Yeah, he's ready for it. Uh I want to ask like just a very basic question here. How do you envision people using this? Like, okay, so I've hooked up Instagram now to my to my television. I have an a we've got Amazon Fire. This is this is awesome. Now, what happens? We're just we're watching like a few some reals. uh in a row. Why would why wouldn't we just do it on on our phone? Is it what is that what is the habit supposed to look like? I guess &gt;&gt; I don't think we know yet. Um but I have two different ideas in mind. One is much more like how you use Instagram but more passive. So, you know, we all have been in a place where we want to sort of hack our mood or watch some funny videos or whatever it might be and we sit back and relax and it might just be nicer on a bigger screen, you know, when you're home alone. The one that I also think will be less frequent but maybe more delightful and exciting and valuable 

[15:58] would be something that was more social. I mean I don't know if you do this but I definitely have been in uh a bunch of situations where like I really want to watch a bunch of things with a friend, you know. So with my brother it's usually comedy because we both just love standup and I think laughing is just you know underrated. you know with you know other people in my life it's other topics where we sort of wanted to go deep and rabbit hole together on something. I think this is often isn't in the first version but I think it could be pretty exciting to do that either in a directed way where you say here this is the kind of content I want and as content search gets better we could deliver on that and then eventually in a more personalized way where we're like hey you know you two are in the room do you want to do you want to do you want a feed that's just based on both of your interests. Um, I don't know if you've ever used Blend, 

[16:45] but it's a pretty funny way to get a little insight into your friend's interests. &gt;&gt; Do you do you see a world in which people are creating content for uh, you know, for Instagram on TV? This was something that came up when we were talking to Neil Mohan earlier this year where he was talking about how, you know, a lot of people, a lot of their users on YouTube were uh, were were creating content specifically uh, that was meant to be watched on uh, you know, your television screen in your living room. Is that kind of the goal? Do you want to get to that place? &gt;&gt; I think that's not the goal, but I think that would be a sign of success. I think that if the volume uh of usage gets so high that people would actually bother to create content specifically for Instagram on TV, that would be a sign that we had reached scale. But I I think that's step three or four. I mean, we have to get something out the door. Then 

[17:36] we have to make it good. Then we have to scale it across all the platforms. Then we have to figure out how to grow it. Um so there's a lot of steps between um now and then. But that would be I think a nice signal that we had reached enough scale that it mattered enough to somebody to even consider doing that. I guess I have almost sort of the opposite question, Adam, which is like it feels like there was a period and you know I think Max and I are both and and like you are veterans of the first pivot to video for Facebook Watch in which people were making bespoke contents for each platform and at BuzzFeed we felt like we had real expertise on what worked better on t on on you know Pinterest versus Facebook or whatever. Um &gt;&gt; now I think a lot of creators are treating these as identical channels and the same vertical video goes on. I mean, this is certainly true for us and we were pleased to see when you liked one, you know, you subscribed to Semaphore on 

[18:25] Instagram for a video. I do think we posted the identical video to Tik Tok and to um to shorts. &gt;&gt; True true story. True story. &gt;&gt; And and how do you how do you fight that sort of I mean that's a real that I mean that sort of threatens to commoditize you in a way like you &gt;&gt; Yeah. So there's signals in both directions. Um so we we care a ton about creators. I mean the whole identity of the brand is really around creativity. We have seen that creators every year seem to diversify more and more gradually but steadily. So they use more and more platforms. There's less and less creators who are just completely loyal to one platform. We have heard both. We've had heard we have heard from some people that they have a lot of success in just reposting the same content across platforms. We've also found other creators who really believe deeply in the fact that they've got different audiences on different 

[19:21] platforms and they find a lot of success in catering their content to those audiences. Sometimes it's just slicing the same content up, but often it's just completely different content. I think it probably varies by vertical. Um, and I don't have a great sense of which verticals that's true for and false for and why. Um, but we defin I definitely hear both a lot. Um, but it is very true that creators are becoming savvy to the fact that it's valuable for them to not have all of their eggs in one basket, to not be beholden to one algorithm or one company or one risk of deplatform deep being deplatformed and are trying to make sure that they have um just a diverse business which I think just makes sense in terms of the risk to us. Yeah, there's risk there. I think one of our I mean there's there's things that both Tik Tok and YouTube are better than us at in the context of video creation and distribution. I think Tik Tok is the best in the industry at breaking new 

[20:20] talent from small names. I think YouTube is the best in the industry at paying out creators at scale in a sustainable way. I think one of our unique strengths though is we are often not only a video creators distribution platform but also a consumption one. I think a lot of creators use us as a home base um to consume content not just that's public but also from their friends to message people to network. Um, I can't tell you how many creators I've met from how many different industries that have made really important professional connections because they follow people whose taste that they love and then end up collaborating on something from musicians to journalists to, you know, film to um authors. So for for creators with either Tik Tok and YouTube or with Amazon and Netflix or with CBS and ABC, like do you feel like you're in a a competition whether monetary or otherwise for their attention and time? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't we I can't think of any 

[21:21] bidding wars where there's literally something that we are bidding on, but we are certainly in a lot of competition with particularly YouTube and Tik Tok um for creators time and attention. Um, and I think of creators as particularly important because I feel like across a lot of industries, power is shifting from institutions to individuals and so they seem to be getting more and more important over time. They punch above their weight in terms of engagement as well. Um, but just think about how relevant athletes are relative to the teams they play for compared to 10, 20, or 30 years ago. how relevant journalists are relative to the mad mast heads that they work under compared to 10, 20 or 30 years ago. Um, now obviously AI is a big topic and there's a lot of concern around being disintermediated or competing um with AI, but I think people fundamentally want to hear from other people um and so we still feel like creators are one of 

[22:18] the most important audiences for us across industries. &gt;&gt; Well, we have a lot that we want to get to [music] with Adam Masseri, but we have to take a short break. We'll be back right after this. In this week's branded segment from Think with Google, I spoke to Google's VP of marketing, Josh Spaniard, about whether there's space for CMOs in the boardroom. Usually, when you look at a corporate board, you see a lot of former CEOs, CFOs, maybe a legal expert. Josh, you at Google have been doing some research which [music] uh which which suggests that there is a blind spot when it comes to the composition of corporate boards. &gt;&gt; So, that's right, Ben. I've been seeing this fascinating research [music] looking at the number of boards which have a marketer, someone with deep marketing expertise or a former CMO on the board. Those companies that do have a 6% higher growth rate over the study 

[23:10] period than companies that don't. Here's the challenge and here's the opportunity for marketing. Just [music] 16% of boards in the United States have a marketer or deep marketer on their board. 84% of companies don't. That's a real gap. That's the opportunity that marketing can help with. &gt;&gt; I suspect CMOs will be glad to hear this data, but what specifically is it that makes them valuable? &gt;&gt; CMOs have always been the voice of the customer inside [music] corporations. They are closest to the customer. They understand them to a deep level. And in this moment of unbelievable transformation in how those customers are discovering your products, how they're consuming their media, how they're changing their behavior, having a CMO who has got that insight directly at the highest level of the company is incredibly valuable. But second, marketing is sitting at the intersection of AI [music] and nearly every 

[24:01] department with the company. how AI is transforming your actual products, how AI is transforming your logistics, how AI is transforming media [music] and advertising and every part of what's going on. Having a CMO who actually understands those technologies and can speak to the whole breadth of the organization at the board level is really valuable and is changing growth trajectories. &gt;&gt; Is there something CMOS ought to be doing to make themselves more more attractive board candidates? &gt;&gt; They have to speak the language of finance. They have to do all the things that CMOs meant to be doing. A good place to start is over at thinkwithgoogle.com where they can get the latest insights and learnings on AI transformation and bring those [music] insights collected across Google and across hundreds of companies inside their organizations. &gt;&gt; Thanks Josh. 

[24:45] &gt;&gt; Thanks Ben. &gt;&gt; You were on Peter Kofka's podcast a few months ago and uh you were talking you you said something which was interesting uh to me. You said that Tik Tok was more aggressive on data in general and just now you mentioned uh that Tik Tok uh is good at kind of breaking new uh new stars or new people. What did you mean by more aggressive on data and why do you think Tik Tok has been better at kind of breaking new people? What what is it specifically think? &gt;&gt; So those are related but two different things happening um on data. I mean I'll give you some examples of things that they do that I don't think anybody else in the industry does. Um, if you message a Tik Tok video to a friend, that creates a unique link so that they can track it. And you can message in any other app. You don't have to use Tik Tok. So you can literally send a message in WhatsApp, which is encrypted, or Signal, which is encrypted. And then 

[25:46] when the receiver receives it um, and then taps on it, that opens up Instagram on the receiver side. So, if I messaged Ben uh an encrypted message with a Tik Tok link in WhatsApp and he opened it and it opened up his Tik Tok, Tik Tok knows that I sent it to him &gt;&gt; and it recreates a message thread in Tik Tok as if I had messaged Ben directly on Tik Tok. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; That is a very aggressive thing to do in an encrypted messaging world. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; so they are they are all in on those types of tactics. on you know that's about data but that's also about growth &gt;&gt; on breaking talent I think that they deserve a lot of credit even before bite dance bought musically Alex and musically were very leaned in on this idea of not reinforcing the existing establishment but helping new talent grow in the world of ranking there's something called 

[26:45] explorationbased ranking which is just more difficult is much easier to find something that I think you're going to know a million other people like to find something that I think you're going to like that you know only like 100 people have even seen and but if but if you do the latter more interesting things happen and I think you really are kind of living up to the whole promise of the internet and niche interests so they they did a lot and I wouldn't need to go into the details if unless you want me to on exploration based ranking systems really early that the rest of the industry is caught up on Okay, this is what I wanted to ask about because I learned I'm very knowledgeable about explorationbased ranking in the sense that I learned about it an hour ago when I was prepping for this interview and listening to you on another podcast. But yes, exactly. So, I'm I've become an expert. Uh, but Ben, you I'm curious. Do you know have you do you know what 

[27:34] exploration based ranking is? &gt;&gt; I do not. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, then I think it is worth it for Adam and Ben is a very informed person. I I think it's worth it, Adam, for you to explain that because I think it is really I I'm really fascinated by it and I'm also curious how you think you've approached your exploration based ranking versus what Tik Tok does and versus what I imagine YouTube is starting to do as well with YouTube shorts. &gt;&gt; The basic idea is that you want to give every piece of content a chance regardless of whether or not it's from a big established account or not. Um, it is much easier for us to drive up engagement by showing a lot of photos and videos from Selena Gomez and The Rock because they're so big and we know so many people like them. Um, it is much more difficult to figure out that you happen to be in like into afro beats and you happen to be into like, you know, 

[28:23] crochet scarves, you know. Um, so the way it works &gt;&gt; is essentially almost like a little competition um where you reserve a certain number of impressions to try things out. Um, and you do this in different ways, but I'll start with the content way, which is you try to get every piece of content or some subset of everything if you can't get everything, you know, a hundred views, call it, and you see how they do, you know, even if you had no reason to think it would be interesting to those individuals. And then you take a look at all of the things that you auditioned and you see what did much better than you expected. And then you graduate those to a thousand views and you with another percentage of your impressions that you reserved for these auditions. And then for the things that do disproportionately well in that a thousand you up you um graduate again to call it 10,000 views and so on and so 

[29:12] forth. which is how you can see something from someone with 50 followers get millions of views in a couple hours because they just created something that happened to wildly outperform everything else that day. And what is great about this is you allow new entryants to become to have hits, not just the people, not just the sort of uh established largest names. Um but you know it comes with a lot of volatility. It means reach is much more predictable. It completely relies on unconnected distribution. So seeing things from accounts you do not follow which um eats into the value of follow graphs which is can be concerning and we get a lot of complaints from both the creator side and the consumer side um but also can be really beneficial from a creator perspective where you don't want a small number of creators just to overly dominate all the impressions. You want to give new people and new ideas a chance. And then from a platform 

[30:11] perspective, you have a chance to earn some real sentiment from these small creators who make it on your platform. Um, it's much I think more practical to try to break the next generation of creators than to pull an existing generation of creators over from another platform. Um, so that's part of that's one type of exploration based ranking which is essentially this audition system um that Tik Tok really pushed the furthest the earliest but now is very standard uh on Instagram on YouTube on Facebook and others. &gt;&gt; Have you seen them change in reaction to what you guys are doing and uh you know and what YouTube is doing? Again, I I'm also kind of curious if we can to drill down on what you see as the differences between what besides the you know, besides the messaging um you know uh thing that you mentioned, which was which was really interesting and the data kind of uh you know, collection that goes along with that. Um is there a 

[31:01] major difference in your uh you know, exploration based ranking &gt;&gt; um that I would share on a podcast? I'm not sure. I would uh I got to think about that a little bit. But I mean in terms [laughter] of them borrowing from us that tends to happen more on the other side of the house on the friend side, right? So they have &gt;&gt; um they have adopted notes which you might not use but are really heavily used by uh teens and young adults um essentially like AIM status for those of us who are around for like the AOL and some messenger days. &gt;&gt; Um you know they've trying to been trying to lean into stories more and more um they have been leaning into messaging more and more. that's where where they've had the most success, but they've definitely been trying for a long time to consistently lean hard into friends and and they've made some progress the most with messaging um less in other areas. You know, not always 

[31:51] copying us sometimes, you know, they they basically made the friends tab be real for six months when that was a whole big moment. &gt;&gt; Um they're very quick, which I'm very I want to give them a lot of credit for, to try things and to be bold and to see what works and what doesn't. Um but you know they are leading they have a different commerce strategy than us. So that's a big difference. They're leaning a lot more into first party commerce facilitating the transactions themselves on platform taking on things like even shipping etc. We're more focused on third party um and on sort of merchandising shopping throughout the experience as opposed to having sort of an &gt;&gt; I don't know if you've gotten to the the shop tab on Tik Tok recently but it's basically Amazon now. you you're being so kind of nice and and even-handed with your your rivals here. Like, what do you think is Tik Tok's Achilles heel? How 

[32:42] are you going to beat them? &gt;&gt; Um, it's going to be hard to beat them. Um, I think that &gt;&gt; the United States government. &gt;&gt; No. Yeah. I mean, that that's a whole other conversation. Um, I mean, look, I think their rate of progress has slowed down and I think in part of that was the distraction with all of the regulatory uh and policy concerns. So I don't think they have been making progress as quickly as they have in previous years which gives us some a chance to catch up on things like core ranking. I think that they are also I think we monetize way better than them particularly if you look at not just revenue but profits. Um but they're you know their their revenue globally is doing really really well but on the profit side I think we're we're pretty far ahead of them. Um and then I think that what was the other one I was going to share they um I don't know here's a 

[33:38] big question is like they are very much applying learn lessons they've learned in China to the rest of the world and there's good and bad or pros and cons or to that. So, one is the pro is they had a massive faith in the short form video format long before anybody else did. Musically and the early versions of Tik Tok were not retentive and they spent billions of dollars a year dumping into promoting it and it seemed crazy to the rest of the industry. &gt;&gt; But their faith from talking to people at their competitors in China came from the fact that they had proven the market in China and they were they were confident it would exist elsewhere and they just needed to keep pushing to get there. So on one hand that's really interesting right that's them seeing into the future in a sort of another way &gt;&gt; the flip side is you know the super apps which are very popular in China are not popular in the same way outside of China 

[34:34] and I think they're turning into a Chinese super app um Tik Tok is and that may or may not work outside of China and so you know now &gt;&gt; are they overly projecting one win on the next or are they or am I you know, a naive out of touch westerner who's underestimating where the future's going to be. Like, I I don't know. Um, but that's that'll be interesting to see how that plays out. Um, but that I feel like Instagram's too complicated. And I love I love Tik Tok. It's a great app, but it is &gt;&gt; really complicated at this point. Um, and and increasingly kind of crazy. the sort of to to get back to this question about everything becoming TV like that thesis and Derek Thompson had a really interesting essay about it that we talked to him about recently is partly lit about kind of like literally staring at the big screen but it is also about a shift into kind of like a visual and oral culture that I think Tik Tok led 

[35:26] the way to of that kind of more passive consumption away from what at least I think of as a social network but that you you guys and others have chased um [snorts] in which like you're just consuming that that is shifting away from a place where like fundamentally society has kind of a shared truth and grounding in facts and toward just this like slurry of vertical video that you know and I think an indirect sort of concerning view turns us back into like preiterate cavemen. Um and I wonder like does does this concern you Adam? &gt;&gt; Um I mean it's hard to say no when it's framed that way. I [laughter] I mean um I like to think that and we've tried on Instagram to make video more lean in than a lot of the competition, right? So we try to bring your friends there, right? So like you can see who else has liked something. You can sends are a huge part of Real's success, you know, in a way that &gt;&gt; they weren't part of Facebook's dive 

[36:26] into video in 2014 and 15. So, it's actually grown the amount of people actually see each other and talk to each other, even though it's generally a laid-back experience. We've got the dedicated friends feed in the reels tab. We've got blend. We've been trying to create experiences that are a bit more social, a little bit more participatory and a little bit less leanback than like just scrolling for an hour or watching a Netflix show for an hour. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um but, you know, we'll see. Um maybe that's a smaller market. Um, &gt;&gt; I thought you were going to tell me that threads was going to save us when when it comes to kind of information and and and truth and things like that. &gt;&gt; You know, I try really hard. You've known me for long enough to know I try really hard never to overpromise and underdel. So, that's not the kind of thing that would come out of my mouth. Threads is fun because threads is about ideas and perspectives in a way 

[37:15] that, you know, Instagram is about creativity and videos and photos. So threads does seem to have detached from the hyper hyperpolarized textbased platforms. You know X which is hyperpolarized in a lot of AI now blue sky which is very very polarized also. How do you how do you think about that landscape? &gt;&gt; Okay a few different things. One thing that really helped us is out the gate saying we wanted to be not like kumbaya but just a more like civil platform, you know, a a platform for all perspectives implies that people can share things without getting destroyed for sharing them. And we try to build tools to back that up, not just in ranking, but you know, you can turn off who can reply, you can turn off quote posts, you know, giving people hidden words, giving people some meaningful, small, powerful tools because we always knew threads was going to be like Twitter in the sense that a small 

[38:14] number of people were going to dominate the consumption, right? Like feedbased apps are always this way, which you know, a very small number of people will post to a feed in a given day in the steady state. And so it's going to be for most of us to enjoy a select few debating or sharing their perspectives in a somewhat performative manner. Uh and so we thought building tools for that select few would matter a lot because you don't need that many people to use them for it to be valuable. You just need the people who actually post a lot to to to do it. So going out the gate trying to say we wanted to be civil I think helped set the tone. Um I think X has done a couple things that have helped. Um, obviously they've leaned a lot into things that have been much more divisive, but also they've gone a lot after video over the last year or two. I think they're a little enamored with time spent. Um, and I think they underestimate the costs of video. Um, so 

[39:09] that provides more space for us. And then Blue Sky is interesting because they're they're the most zealot on the sort of um open architecture side, but it's a it's not that it's all academic, it's not, but they are heavily invested on their sort of academic side on the theoretical. And then they maybe just based on our positioning and exit's positioning have ended up with a relatively small but very um frustrated user base. Um, so it's, you know, unless you have one particular worldview, it's a pretty tough place to be. &gt;&gt; But the, it seems like threads though, like is doing fine, but at the cost of a certain kind of relevance, like there aren't like the things that are being discussed on cable news are rarely posts to threads. They're often posts to X. They're often posts to Blue Sky. Do you miss that? I mean, you you annoyed 

[40:07] journalists early on by saying you didn't really want us over there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. I really made so many friends. Well, we gave up on that in in in a spectacularly public fashion earlier this year. Um, there's a ton of news on threads at this point. The floodgates are open. Um, I think we don't yet have the cultural re relevance we aspired to, but I don't think it's because of news necessarily. I think some of it's just old habits die hard. So if you look at different verticals &gt;&gt; you can see there's certain areas where we are either leading there certain areas where we're behind and certain areas certain industries where we're basically nowhere compared to some of the competition and so the question is how do we close that gap um but you know like for instance like NBA Twitter a really longstanding deep community we're actually making really good headway um NBA threads had its own set of founders at the beginning who weren't big names 

[41:02] and they have a ton of investment in that community. But now that you're seeing the players start to come over too, there's this interesting interaction um between the players and that and the threads specific community that's growing. Uh but still we have certainly not toppled NBA Twitter. That is a deep uh long-standing community. Um so it really varies community by community, but we think about this a lot. How do you measure cultural relevance? How do you define cultural relevance? How do you &gt;&gt; uh &gt;&gt; and do you want it? It's not because I I almost think sometimes these days cultural re relevance is more trouble than it were it's worth like it means even when it comes to politics it really means kind of [laughter] like political food fights. You want it &gt;&gt; I we want it but just to be super clear there's a lot of cultural relevance that isn't um the 

[41:48] primary polarized political food fight. you know, where is where is the conversation about um the playoffs for the NBA happening? Where is the conversation about the outfits on the red carpet at the Mecca happening? Where is the conversation about the upand cominging musicians, you know, like Cameron Winters happening? Um, that kind of cultural relevance I don't think comes with the same cost as whatever the top headline as combative as possible war cultural war of the day is. Um, which I think is just going to happen to us. Um, and so we have to manage it responsibly. Um, but not pretend like it's not going to happen to us. H how do you think about the AI? There's a lot a lot of the most divisive stuff on X in particular seems to be AI generated. How are you thinking about AI generated content and slop on on your platforms? 

[42:48] &gt;&gt; Wait, Ben, can I ask a more can I ask a more pointed version of that question too because I or I want to ask &gt;&gt; say no ask a less pointed version of my [laughter] Well, no, but but I want to take it. No, because but Ben but no, but Ben is being too leaned back here. Like is AI content good for Instagram or or not? Because like previously this was a place where you you know you would interact with your friends and it it feels like it would change Instagram pretty radically for it to be filled with kind of a lot of different a lot of AI that kind of AI slop that Ben's talking about. &gt;&gt; So in typical diplomatic fashion I'll say that there are good and bad consequences of it. But the thing that I'll sort of maybe to push back a little bit harder and be a bit um le I don't want to be vanilla in the answer here is I just don't really think the primary type of AI content on the platforms is what people usually mean when they say 

[43:39] AI content. They talk about AI slop. They're talking about fully synthetic content usually really bizarre weird where like physics gets strange or people's arms bend in weird ways. Mhm. &gt;&gt; But the truth is, I think there's going to be more content that is hybrid that is AI is used to augment or enhance in some way than is purely synthetic. I think we're kind of already there. &gt;&gt; Um because there's tons of ways in which AI I think can help creators make more content or make better content. Now, if you're asking about the purely synthetic content, I think it's going to be I think there's in any kind of content AI or not, there's going to be slop and non-slop, right? And I think there's I think an important question which is are we doing a good job connecting you to the valuable or content that you would find valuable or interesting. Um whether it's about knowing that it's AI generated or not or you're just interested in the topic or not because 

[44:26] it's a new type of content and so naturally our systems aren't as versed in it. So we're not as good at ranking at it as we should be. So we're working hard on being able to identify a generated content at scale and then just even just assess like how good are we at ranking it. This is tough because as the generative models get better and better and better, it's going to be harder and harder to detect that it was AI generated. So, it might be a bit of an arms race, but it will be. But we'll see how we fare. Um, but I just think there's a ton in the middle. Like every time I post now, I have it translated into Hindi, Spanish, and Portuguese. So, if you go to one of my posts on Instagram, you can just switch it and see me speak Hindi. Uh, and it sounds like me and the lips look like I'm actually speaking Hindi. And it's by far our largest user base. And now obviously only about half the people in India speak Hindi but that's a big number of 

[45:13] people. Um now they can actually understand me when a lot of them couldn't before. Like that's AI generated but that's kind of exciting. Whereas like the slot that you have in your mind when you ask that question probably is something that you would wish you had never seen and you can't take out of your brain. &gt;&gt; I've seen some messmerizing stuff uh recently uh like uh that that I I we won't get into because we're almost uh done here. But Ben, sorry to cut you off on that last question. a better version. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I just had to go with the one that we had agreed to ask in in the notes. Uh but uh but because you have to go here, Adam, uh we we did have a final question that we wanted to ask um which is you know, we wanted to kind of end where we started, which is Instagram has changed uh a lot over the last five or 10 years. You know, it used to if you used to ask people what Instagram was, it was if 

[46:02] anybody had people used to have to ask uh you know, it used to be uh square photos on a grid that you scroll through. Right now, it's kind of uh something uh a little bit more complicated which you which you kind of got at. Where do you think that Instagram will be in the next five or 10 years? What what will it be? So in the next five the it's I do think the one of the big differences will be that a lot of the technology and some of these foundation models are going to allow us to allow you to much more proactively get your hands in there and shape it. Right? So like we launched your algorithm last week which only applies to reals to start but that allows you to see what we think you're interested and to just tell us when we're wrong add things remove things. Um, but I feel like all the surfaces across Instagram with the some of these new technologies should allow you should evolve in a way that you can kind of 

[46:59] touch metal where you can kind of go in there and just tell it what you want or make it what you want. &gt;&gt; Um, whether that is shaping feed to give you what you're interested in or going deep in search to understand something or creating something and being able to really mold it into what you want more proactively. I think that's going to happen over the next two to four years. Um, you'll start seeing it happen now, but I think it's going to be feel fundamentally different in two to four years in a way that &gt;&gt; I hadn't foreseen only a couple years ago. &gt;&gt; I think &gt;&gt; I think it becomes more active. Just to pause there for a second, you think because I think feel like the my experience of the internet has just gotten more and more and more passive through my whole life in a way until I'm just sort of scrolling TikTok for reals. Um, you you feel like people are going 

[47:43] to be it's going to be a more active experience in the next few years. That's really interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Not all of it. I mean some of it active in moments. So I assume the way it would work if you could just shape feed is you have active moments and then you sit back and enjoy and then you have active moments and you sit back and enjoy as your interests change or your mood changes. Whereas I assume that content search which is growing quite quickly on Instagram will be feel very active in general where you're diving into something. You're like I want to know about James Terrell. Okay, I want to see specifically the PS1 installation. Okay, I want to know like how did he end up getting this idea and you should be getting content and context about this and just being able to dive deep. &gt;&gt; You know, that'll be much more active whereas I think the primary experience will be um more passive. But with these 

[48:26] moments of um much more hands-on shaping um that will, you know, for some people be daily, for some people be monthly, for some people be never, for some people be I don't know, every 10 minutes. um the 10 years out is much crazier because that's when I think the form factor, you know, goes to a place that looks more like glasses probably becomes more important than phones. Um and then for a visual platform in a medium where you probably want most of your interactions with your smart glasses to be audio only, um is a much bigger, more open question that I think we need to think about. Well, we'll have to have you on uh again then to uh to delve into more of the specifics, but uh &gt;&gt; Adam's gonna have a lot of time on his hands in 10 years when it's all when when the visual medium has gone away. &gt;&gt; I'm going to be [laughter] my kids will be grown and I'll probably be cooking and reading a book and like reading, you know, reading you guys what 

[49:22] you have to say on what's going on in the world. &gt;&gt; Well, we really appreciate that. Uh and um this was a really great conversation. So, thanks. Thanks for taking the time. &gt;&gt; Appreciate your time. You guys are great. Thank you so much. So, we are recording this the day after our interview with Adam Masseri. Uh, we've had a 24 hours to ruminate, really let what he said, uh, sink in. Uh, why don't why don't we get into it? Let's tackle the big question first, which is what do you think about his push back on your thesis and the thesis of others who have come on to this show uh, that everything is television? This is the thing you hear from all the smart media types these days. Everything is television. Derek was on here. You're a you're a believer in this. Adam kind of didn't believe that. Wh said he didn't believe that while rolling out a promotion for this new Instagram uh Amazon Fire TV uh uh uh deal, 

[50:17] collaboration. What did you make? Do you believe him? Is the action different than words? What do you think? &gt;&gt; You know, it is so interesting because I think in some sense what's going on is that everybody is seeing this pole in the same direction. I mean in this case just toward a large screen television format and yet everybody is trying to resist it in a different way and keep some differentiation right like like I think each of these companies and he sort of acknowledged this is running the risk that everything is becoming undifferentiated and and if everything is undifferentiated the platforms lose a lot of power if I'm just putting the same video on every place which which by the way we in fact are um and so you know what struck me was that his impulse was to resist long form and that and to and to believe and I think with a lot with really good reason that Instagram's strength particularly its strength 

[51:09] against Tik Tok is messaging is per personal connection where Tik Tok is really a totally passive experience. Um and I thought that was so interesting that he said well personal connection and short form video go together. You send each other short form videos and then short form video and long form video go together kind of for obvious reasons. it's an evolution of the form, but that personal connection and long- form video are too far apart and that that in some that long form video breaks Instagram. Um, I don't know. I think that was just a very very interesting observation. But it is true that even as like social media as we knew it has vanished. Meta's defense against its competitors has been the social graph. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think the other thing that Instagram benefits from is the fact that it's for a lot of people their kind of uh their homepage almost like the homepage of their internet lives. Uh and that's why 

[52:04] he he mentioned that the thing the leg up that they have on other platforms is that like the pe their big creators the celebrities or you know the just people who are putting you know going viral all the time on on Instagram are using it as well as consumers. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think right I mean Instagram as is essentially a cultural force is a place where culture gets gets made and shaped and then reflected elsewhere and that's that is certainly a strength of the platform. Of course that's also that's also a hard can be a hard thing to hold on to. What what did you make you know it's funny when when I asked about threads I almost thought he'd be like ah that was a fun experiment never mind threads because honestly from in my own case I've I've kind of wandered off threads. What what did you make of his his enthusiasm his continuing enthusiasm for threads? It's interesting. They've created like the second most uh popular kind of uh you know platform kind of uh 

[52:57] that's uh accomplishing what used to be Twitter kind of uh behind Twitter. Uh they're clearly bigger than in scale uh than than Blue Sky and some other uh you know some other platforms. And I think it kind of seems like what they're doing is kind of like hanging around in the background until, you know, maybe Elon uh messes with Twitter again and there's this whole big kind of uh surge and they don't they haven't really invested that many resources in it by meta standards. They said they have like what like a hundred or something employees uh as as a part of threads. So I I kind of I kind of got the sense that if you're meta, you can really pour a lot of resources into a lot of these types of things. They realize that they want to recapture or they want to capture the kind of like fervent uh uh taste maker, you know, uh thought leader communities that exist still and are hanging out on the kind of decaying uh Twitter, they want to slowly kind of siphon those uh onto threads. 

[53:54] And I think he rightly diagnosed the fact that Blue Sky, while it has this kind of fervent fan base, that fan base is also alienating and user base, that user base is also alienating to the vast majority of people who uh I think might wander back onto to threads. I thought that was I thought what he had to say was about threads and its feature was really interesting. Ben, are you going to go home and install Instagram on your television? &gt;&gt; I have I have a exotic projector situation on my TV rather than Amazon Fire, so I'm gonna have to wait. How about you, Max? I still don't see, you know, I I I just I don't see the use case for it yet, but uh they've proved me wrong before, so I guess I guess we'll both have to wait and see. Well, that is it for us this week. Thank you so much for listening to another episode of the Mix Signals podcast from us here at Semaphore. Our show is produced by Manny Videll and 

[54:42] Josh [music] Binsson with special thanks to Chad Lewis, Rachel Oppenheim, Anna Fazino, Garrett Wy, Jules Zern, and Tory Core. Our engineer [music] is Rick Quan. And our theme music, our new theme music that Ben is so excited for, is by Steve Bone. Our public editor is the algorithm at the algorithmic feeds, whether Tik Toks, which is better at using your data, or Instagrams, [music] which is getting better at using your data. As Adam said, maybe we're not good enough at using your data yet. And for and for that reason, please please use our data. Please uh f follow us wherever you get your podcasts and subscribe to us on YouTube. &gt;&gt; And if you want more, you can always sign up for 74's media newsletter which is out every Sunday night.