[00:00] It's lovely in here, right? Make a little room for you. Oh, yeah. [laughter] We try. We hated it at first. We were like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cuz you got used to the old way. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that had a special juju. How long are you in town? Just a day. Just a couple hours? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I got a couple things and then it's my It's Nico, my 10-year-old's birthday. So &gt;&gt; Aw, happy birthday, Nico. &gt;&gt; Buster Buster's. &gt;&gt; 21st is his birthday, yeah. You can tolerate Dave &amp; Buster's? &gt;&gt; I put earplugs in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, I was going [laughter] to say. We have a mutual friend, Eric, who like he kept wanting to do playdates there with our daughters and last time I went I was like, "Dude, I don't I don't know what what's up with my sensory system, but it's just way too much." &gt;&gt; wildly over stimulating. Yeah, it's too 

[00:43] much. It makes me feel like I'm getting attacked. &gt;&gt; My 8-year-old wanted to go for his birthday. This was like uh November and my wife signed up. She's like, "Cool, we'll take the whole class, 25 kids." &gt;&gt; Oh [snorts] my god. &gt;&gt; And all the And she's like, "And we'll guide them like no other parents." &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; She's ambitious. &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. &gt;&gt; And so we had It ended up being like five adults cuz a couple parents did come and we went to the bus and she got She's a genius. She got them all yellow vests &gt;&gt; Aw. to like label them. And they didn't feel like that wouldn't have flown at my birthday party. Like, "Mom, we look like dorks, the crossing guards." &gt;&gt; a good age. It was 

[01:22] &gt;&gt; They thought it was cool? &gt;&gt; They were just like, "I don't care." They didn't even think about it. I made them like I was like, "You're like count them, you know, off like 1 2 3 and like I'm like, "What number are you?" He was like, "I don't know." Oh, god. This is an 8-year-old birthday party? Yeah. Wow, you guys. &gt;&gt; They're Yeah, what they were a minute ago they're 10 7 and 4, but now they're 11 8 &gt;&gt; They're 10 So they're going to be 10 8 They're 10 8 and they're going to and 5 now. Five. &gt;&gt; five. He'll be six soon. And what are their names again? Nico, Blaze, and Elio. Cute. Really great. &gt;&gt; They are They Yeah, they they're wonderful and they also are just exhausting. The youngest one is like the brute. Really? Yeah, yeah. Cuz he like he plays soccer with his brothers, they don't take it easy on them, they just 

[02:06] beat him. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then he goes and plays soccer with his own age and it's like I took him to his older brother's soccer game and he's like, "Oh, I scored a goal." I was like, "Oh, cool. How many goals did you score?" He goes, "I scored 15." Wow. He's clearly lying. He's five. So, I called his mom and she's like, "Oh, no, he definitely scored." No way. I tell that all the time on here, which is like I thought I was so weak and so bad at skateboarding cuz my brother's five years older than me. And then I got to school and was like, "Hold on a second. I think I might be strong." &gt;&gt; I think there's Someone told me recently, I don't know if this is true, uh but they told me that a disproportionate number of successful athletes are little siblings. I mean, that would make sense cuz you're competing with somebody so And you immediately want to. It's like as soon 

[02:49] as they do it, you want to do it even if you're way too young for it. So. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, Kristen and I ended up on a trip and it was with all strangers. I didn't know anyone. Yeah. And we got to the airport, you were there. Yeah. And I really felt like, "Oh, well, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thank god. Adam's [laughter] here. I know Adam." And I really, really loved him as a guest. Like I do remember being charmed by you like crazy. &gt;&gt; I'm trying to It was I was really new to the role cuz it must have been like 2019, 2020? I guess. That you were on? &gt;&gt; That I was on. Yeah. Maybe 2019. It was a long time ago. And I so I was new to the role, so I was still trying to figure out what was what, but I remember having a lot of fun. Um but then we hadn't seen each other in years before that trip. &gt;&gt; Right. Yeah, and you know, I was watching, of course, uh some interviews with you prior to your your arrival. And I did I just wanted to start with a 

[03:37] little bit of compassion. You You have a rough You have a hard job to talk about. Mm. Cuz you're really at the forefront of like a lot of things people are concerned about. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's AI, it's social media, it's it's politics, it's deep fakes, it's like everywhere you're going, you're pretty much &gt;&gt; just hearing all those things? Yeah, so we are at the intersection of of a lot of contentious things and so it is tricky. But I I mean I used to work before I worked at Instagram, I worked on Facebook for a long time and I remember a really long time ago, maybe 10, 15 years ago now, I just felt like we talked about this at the company that we weren't participating in the conversation and there was all these conversations happening about tech, about social media. 

[04:20] And so my position was like look, we got to participate. Whether we want to or not. &gt;&gt; can put our heads in the sand but this conversation's happening and we might as well participate. And so I'm going to get out there and I'm going to start talking to people and I'm going to start traveling and I showed up a lot on Twitter cuz that's where all the journalists were mhm and I was clear internally I was like look, I'm going to do this and hopefully it'll work and at some point it won't, I'll say something silly and everyone will hate me and I'll stop. &gt;&gt; yeah. That [laughter] was the the the game plan? &gt;&gt; would be better for having done it for a couple of years but [laughter] before I get destroyed. &gt;&gt; Wait, can I say before we get too far that you know, Adam said something very nice about us on on Instagram, did you see this? 

[05:04] He did his wrap up of of yeah, podcasts he likes. But I but [laughter] I misread the question. &gt;&gt; I laughed so hard. Someone sent it to me and was like, you're his favorite food or whatever the [laughter] question was. &gt;&gt; food. It's like what's your favorite food and I must have like, I don't know why I had podcast on the brain. I was like, maybe the next question was about podcast so I rattled off a couple pods I love and then everyone like the comment section was like, what's wrong? I laughed so hard. &gt;&gt; do them between meetings on Fridays. It's not like a production. &gt;&gt; Yeah, not very well thought out. &gt;&gt; No, it doesn't need to be. That's okay. I thought it was very funny and and flattering. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You used to be your favorite food. I was like, oh god, that's not the best. Yeah, what do we taste like? Is are we 

[05:48] salty or we sweet? Well, you guys are a burger and a chili dog. &gt;&gt; you're savory. I like to think. &gt;&gt; you are. I do too. There's some sweet stuff out there. I I dabble on it. &gt;&gt; Well, maybe there's some relish. Mhm. There's some relish. &gt;&gt; dog. There's some There's some garnish. &gt;&gt; laid on the emphasis on the relish. The relish. I think relish came up yesterday. Oh, garnished it. Garnish. A a gritty garnish. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah, you know like that and I thought it was pretty impressive. &gt;&gt; I'd sleep on it and I like it now. Thuy, I'm just really sympathetic to cuz not only have you you have to go out and talk about these issues and so often you're being asked to be clairvoyant. That's really what people want to know. It's like, "Well, in 1 year, what will I be doing? In 2 years, what's it going to be?" And what will Instagram be in this iteration? And it's like, "You don't 

[06:32] know any better than anyone else." I go to these conferences, the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] people who are designing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they don't know. Most of the good ones will admit that. Like, "Nobody knows what the timeline is." &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They don't know what the ceiling of its aptitude is. They don't No one knows. But, you're you're being kind of we need you to know. Yeah, yeah. I mean, that is attention and I do think some of us in this industry really pride ourselves on being able to put pen to paper on what's going to happen and I tend to find that that sometimes feels like false precision and it's just it's a little bit more driven by you know, our own wanting to be able to do that and to be you know, prescient. But, I think it's just good to always be honest about what you know and you don't. And then to you know, also qualify things. Not in a 

[07:22] not in a way to couch, but to be like, "Look, I think this is probably what's going to happen and why." But, if this other thing happens, maybe we're going to go left instead of right. The world's changing more and more quickly. It's full of nuance. It's all gray. And I think if you have you have to embrace that ambiguity and that uncertainty, otherwise I feel like it's going to bite you. Okay, so now I also want to This is the value of having spent a weekend with you. Um and I This wasn't clear to me the first time we interviewed you, which I know that you come from a design background. But I really just like it didn't set in. Yeah. And as I spent time with you, you are a you're a very much an artist and a designer. That's what you have wanted to do uh set out to do. That is who you are. It is it's almost weird you're in this role in some way. Yeah, it is a little weird. I mean, so I I romanticize like the specialist, the 

[08:14] amazing architect or the amazing graphic designer or the amazing machine learning or AI engineer. But it's just not my shape. I'm not great at anything. I just have &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; a lot of range. Like that's my strength. Generalist? Yeah, I'm a generalist, for sure. &gt;&gt; And so for me it's been uh important and this happened maybe when I was right around 30 to embrace that about myself. Before 30, I was always trying to be a designer. Um I'm I'm the son of an architect. My mom's an architect. My brother's [snorts] a musician. My sister's a designer. So I'm surrounded by I'm the suit. Yeah, you guys are like a squid in the whale family. You know, they're like you they're like uh very you know, a New York kind of intellectual artistic. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so I I do think it's a bit ironic that you've ended up where you Yeah, yeah. Can you tell people what 

[09:03] your role is just in case for some reason? &gt;&gt; Sorry. I lead the Instagram team. Uh so I'm the head of Instagram uh at Meta. Uh I also support um the Threads app as well. We're going to get into how much I made fun of you. &gt;&gt; Ooh. We just started it. &gt;&gt; nothing. My running bit with him for 3 days was making fun of Threads, but we're &gt;&gt; did. He did. But it wasn't as bad as the fact that my wife has not installed it. It's like &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Got to keep you humble. Well, she's at an age I'm sure she's just like, "I'm I'm done with the new I mean, that's how I felt about TikTok. I'm like, "No, that that I'm going to sit that out. I can't do it. &gt;&gt; she's got her what she uses and what she doesn't and she does not care about my world at all. It's great. But you do 

[09:42] have the title of CEO of Instagram, yeah? That yeah, I mean we we we say head of Instagram. Isn't that funny they do all the tech companies have such a they have their own fingerprint on what they call people and what it's like it's very specific. I find the world's very interesting. &gt;&gt; That's a very nice interesting is what my mom would say when it's like she like she like oh he's interesting. We are particular and odd in our own special ways for sure. I will acknowledge that. &gt;&gt; Yeah and obviously there's enough social science to back up the fact that cultures are really important at organizations but I think if you're at a certain threshold of intelligence a lot of it sounds condescending. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's what I that's what triggers me when it's like wait I'm I'm mopping up the toilet you're calling me a partner or whatever or buddy or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you [laughter] know it's like 

[10:29] &gt;&gt; For us it's a little bit I'll give you the context. For us it's a little bit like Instagram is not its own company. It's part of a bigger company and there's pros and cons to that but there's a lot of pros for us. Like people move back and forth between the teams we're built on top of the same safety systems the same ad system etc. And so we try to make sure we use language that embraces the fact that it's a part of a bigger company not its own company. So that's the inside baseball on on this on this language bit. Also just because it's important for people to know. Like I don't want people to be surprised that Instagram is owned by Meta and Meta also owns Facebook and WhatsApp and these other things. Yeah yeah. It's also very fascinating how much public opinion can vary within the offshoots of still the same company. I grew up working for General 

[11:18] Motors and that had that as well. A Cadillac is such a different vibe than Chevrolet. It has a brand. &gt;&gt; Saturn is your progressive [snorts] younger consumer. Like it's all General Motors and the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] motors are coming out of the same plant but it's just kind of shocking how many different opinions can Well, we build up emotional, you know, affinity for these different brands, right? And even it's like, I mean, think about I don't know, you might be Like, what I'm trying to think of a good example. Like, in in the world of like soda and drinks, like, you know, how many different companies does Coke own? And like, you might be anti-Coke and pro I forget which water is theirs. I'm sure it's Smartwater or one of the I don't know that that's it. &gt;&gt; I'm going to get yelled at, but Dasani. I was going to say that. I think it's Dasani. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah, there are some people who 

[12:00] Yeah, I think it's Dasani. Yeah, I think there might even be like a big war between Aquafina and Dasani. Like, those are the camps. Yeah, and I think they're both Coca-Cola, but probably look it up. Yeah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm saying it. Oh, and they have electrolytes. &gt;&gt; I'm serious. There's salt in it. Electrolytes? No, I do love electrolytes. What? Dasani is Coke, Aquafina is Pepsi. Oh, yeah, they got it backwards. Yes, yes, yeah, that's real. That's shocking that I love Aquafina, that that's my pick because I'm so I bleed that Coke. Oh, yeah. See, again, as you're saying, the we're we're proving your point. &gt;&gt; through college on diet Coke. Acquired just did a pod on them recently, actually. I haven't listened to it yet, but I'm excited to cuz those two guys are really smart. 

[12:42] They also have different recipes for different countries though, which I think is interesting. Coke in Mexico tastes pretty different than Coke in the US, for instance. &gt;&gt; And that supposedly is due to whether it's cane sugar or high fructose, but I don't I don't know. I don't want to get sued by either Mexico or the US. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; The country of Mexico sues Dax Shepard. Okay, so all to say, I'm going to ask you all those similar questions. And they probably will have a tiny bit different bent coming from us, but um before that, I just want to I just want to double back on the the design fact. Like, I think as I watched you interact with people, and I had to assess from afar what I think your skill set is, is um, you have a very very intuitive aesthetic 

[13:32] Mhm. that you trust deeply. And you're a great challenger of people and hierarchies. And with some kind of savvy that has allowed you to still exist. So without getting crushed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. So I don't know. Yeah, tell me a little &gt;&gt; It'll happen eventually. Yeah, yeah. Again, like you being in public, this could be the day. This could be the last day you &gt;&gt; here we go. We got microphones ready. Good place to end. &gt;&gt; the loaded weapon. &gt;&gt; going to if I'm going to go down, this is a great place to go down. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Can you agree with that assessment at all? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I'll I'll take the compliment. The design is about problem-solving at a fundamental level. And I think you can apply problem-solving to any 

[14:12] industry, right? So you try to identify what you're trying to get done, what are the different options, what are the trade-offs. These are pretty standard patterns that you can apply elsewhere. And so that's the kind of structured thinking that I have to do in my job, even though I'm not designing anything anymore, even though I would like to. That lends itself to being comfortable in dis- debate because you can have a a position and a reason for that idea, and you're comfortable articulating that reason. &gt;&gt; And it's not personal to you, obviously, right? It's a function. You're arguing how functional this is. &gt;&gt; Exactly. But that's the thing that designers, and I'm I'm I'm not an exception, when I was a designer, often struggle with is divorcing your sense of self-worth from the worth of your work. And critique is like a whole part of 

[14:58] design where you're going to go and you're going to show your stuff, and people are going to rip it apart, and you have to embrace the signal and understand that it's not an attack on you, it's a way of actually it's a way to support you by improving the work itself. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Uh and I didn't learn that properly cuz I didn't go to design school really. I learned that from a handful of young designers who went to proper design school who joined Facebook in the early years who brought that culture to Facebook and I learned a lot from them. Am I wrong that you did though you had a couple of defining moments in your career where you did challenge Mark on something specific? &gt;&gt; of a couple of things, yeah. Yeah, what were the things? So okay, a couple different ones. I'm trying to think which ones I may have told you about but I might just 

[15:45] share other things I'm not supposed to share. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well look, I think careers are often defined by a few major decisions which may be informed or uninformed and for me there were a couple. The first one was I was a design director at Facebook. I was managing a bunch of designers and there was this project that became the Facebook phone and all the PM leadership ended up leaving the company for different reasons. Some personal, some professional. So there's this giant crater where the leadership was in what we call product management or the PMs. And I just declared myself the PM which you can't do anymore. You have to interview cuz that's a reasonable thing &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; to do to have a job but this was you 

[16:29] know a long time ago, probably 13 years ago. And me and Mark definitely told me not to do it. Mark was like, "No, you're a designer. Like you shouldn't do that." &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; But I did it and actually he was nice about it. About 6 weeks later it was late on a Friday. I was at the office and he said to me he was he was complimenting me but it He said, "You're doing a lot better in this role than I thought you would." &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's a very Mark way of complimenting someone. &gt;&gt; which is great which I took I took I took the signal. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So there's been a couple instances like that over the years. Some with Mark in disagreement with him, some otherwise where you make these decisions 

[17:09] and I wasn't doing it cuz I thought it was a good career decision. I was doing it because I was working on a project there there a need and I just was trying to fill that need. But I got lucky because like I said before, I'm a generalist and PMs are basically generalists. You work with the designers, the engineers, the comms people, the the lawyers, the policy people. You work with everybody. &gt;&gt; now? You you have to be able to speak each person's language well enough to bridge all these communication gaps. &gt;&gt; across everybody. If somebody doesn't know something on your team that they should know, it's probably on you. Right. &gt;&gt; And so my career for a couple reasons, but one of the this is probably the main one, started taking off cuz I was in a role that matched my skills much better. Cuz I was I was a I was a middle-of-the-pack 

[17:54] designer. I I made up for it with like sheer work, like hours. &gt;&gt; Abundance. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; But like in terms of like raw talent, &gt;&gt; Yeah. middle-of-the-pack is maybe even a little generous. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so I did well, but by sheer force of will. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then when I kept working hard, but my role embraced my strengths and weaknesses, then things started to accelerate. Okay, so Mike, I guess my first question is um how are you guys let's just leave what's on the app alone for 1 second and just how have you guys been able to utilize AI in the running of the the product? So a couple different things. So one thing that we've been doing for a long time is and this is controversial, so we rank content. We try to show you the content we think you're the most interested at the top. 

[18:46] And we've been using different forms of AI for that for many, many years. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um another thing we do with AI for many years or forms of it is we try and classify content. So is this uh it could be something positive, like is this about a certain topic that you're interested in? Or it could be negative, like is this in does this violate our community guidelines therefore shouldn't be on the platform? And that the AI sifting through all that material and trying to put those in buckets. &gt;&gt; Cuz there there's you know, however you want to count with tens, hundreds, even billions of things, millions or billions of things uploaded a day. Yeah. We can't have people review all of it. So, we use technology to look at content at scale. And to be clear, and this is changing, but historically, I've said this before, &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; people are better at nuance, and technology is better at scale. And so, 

[19:36] we've had to focus on things that are less nuanced, like what our &gt;&gt; rules are, because technology hasn't been as good at understanding nuance historically. &gt;&gt; humans are so crafty at quickly figuring out what is triggering the the safety net. Oh, yeah. It's very adversarial, because one challenge we have is spammers who are constantly trying to work around all of our safety protections. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you know, you'll have bots, for instance, but bots that don't post every second 24 hours a day. They pretend to go to sleep. They pretend to go to work. They're inconsistent. They add spelling mistakes. What's the Japanese word for imperfection? I don't know it. It's the second day in a row he can't get it. Wabi sabi, but it's not wabi &gt;&gt; sabi, but it's not. It's the one that has the gold that you piece together. &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. Oh, that's a specific art form 

[20:22] where they take broken ceramics and they put it back together with gold lining. &gt;&gt; Correct. And it's like the imperfection's really the beauty. &gt;&gt; beautiful. And it has a name, and we're all supposed to know it. It's called &gt;&gt; is a There is a word that's not as helpful um in Japanese for Instagrammable, which I learned when I was there recently, which is instabae. Oh, really? Meaning it's like so aesthetically pleasing it's worth posting? Yes, exactly. I'm like torn on how I feel about that, but that's a thing. What's happening to us now, though, is we're building AI products that are more native AI into the product, into the app. I say product, that's Silicon Valley speak for like the apps. Mhm. But the other thing that's happening to us is we are also getting really disrupted ourselves. Like how we build, how we write code, how we do research, how we 

[21:11] analyze data is changing really quickly. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so we are also having to reinvent how we do what we do. Mhm. Um which I think some people outside of the industry don't realize cuz they're like oh tech is just going to keep doing tech. Right. &gt;&gt; like it's very different. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it's going to get a lot more different over the next year or two. And so I don't I can tell you some of the things that we're doing now, but honestly I think it's all changing really fast. People are very right to be concerned because the the power of these products is enormous and they're like we've never seen this before, right? So it is the most powerful thing. So it does deserve the most amount of scrutiny. But also nothing operates perfectly. Everything is iterations built on previous mistakes 

[21:58] and correcting those mistakes. So the notion that again people are going to be able to be clairvoyant. Even like when I listen to that rabbit hole about YouTube and its algorithm of increasing engagement. Everyone had great intentions. No one really could foresee oh it's going to radicalize people. They didn't think oh well what will be more exciting is more and more radical content and it starts at Jordan Peterson and then you're a white nationalist. Like Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm sympathetic to that to some degree. No, it has to be immediately corrected the moment that's discovered everything has to all hands on deck to fix that problem. But again there's probably what like what you're saying is this illusion that because you guys are creating the product that you're not also victims of it all as well. No one's really immune to the challenges of this AI. Yeah. No, we're not immune. We're not immune to it at all. I mean I would say two different 

[22:47] things. One on the industry and the scrutiny and the size is not only is it big and important and obviously a lot of power in the hands of a small number of companies. It also grew really quickly. There are other industries are equally important, but they took decades or centuries to get to their scale. And you know, I don't know, railroad, the automobile industry, electricity. Exactly. But like we It was like, you know, 10-20 years from not a thing to a big deal. And so that's tough because society doesn't have time to really adapt or consider it or get comfortable with it. Laws take much longer to happen as well. So we're dealing with that now as a sort of a backlog of of incoming compliance work. &gt;&gt; And the second they understand the tech to legislate, it's changed. It's gone. Yeah, exactly. Oh. Um but on the second thing, it's um an app like Instagram, you make a lot of 

[23:47] decisions um as the team running it and you have a lot of responsibility. Um but what you are mostly doing in some ways is like is designing a a system that has rules. You could almost think about it as like a city, right? You know, it's like, hey, where are the roads? What are the speed limits? Where are the traffic lights? &gt;&gt; Mhm. But then people fill it and they decide what to do. And that doesn't I'm not trying to pass the buck. That doesn't mean that you don't have responsibility as the planner, but that responsibility is different. Um it's indirect. You have to set healthy incentives. You have to uh you know, in our case, you know, moderate content effectively. You have to In even outside of the world of like really high scrutiny areas, the decisions you make about the design of Instagram will affect the vibe, how it feels. Is it more positive? Is it more negative? Is it more about debate? Is it 

[24:39] more about visual expression? Yes. And you're right, it's a great point as the city cuz it's like, yes, we'll install these traffic lights at all these intersections. And then people will blow red lights and they'll drive drunk. And it's questionable whether now the city is responsible. The the light was hung. Uh so it is really tricky to figure out where the culpability lies. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I look I just think the responsibilities are shared and they're just different. We have to understand how the system works. We have to set healthy guidelines and rules. We have to enforce those rules effectively and consistently and appropriately. But you know, people could just decide not to open up Instagram tomorrow or they could [snorts] decide to try to abuse the hell out of it tomorrow. But there is an acknowledgement right that like it's so hard to not open up Instagram. Like and not and and I mean good job, 

[25:33] you know, but like it's it's built to get you to keep pressing it. But I guess if we were doing the metaphor about the city, it's like okay, we hung the light but we know everyone runs that light but and oh well. Well, I don't think running the light is using Instagram. I think running the light is like posting something that's against our rules. But yes, obviously we are interested in creating something that people are going to use more. We think if you use it more on average is a sign that it's valuable to you in some way. But there's there's well spent time and there's time poorly spent and we're not we're not we're not ignorant to that fact. So we try not to use tactics that you're going to make you use Instagram or convince you to use Instagram that it's going to make you regret using it later. And we try to focus more on ones that you know, are going to you're going to be more 

[26:24] excited about how you felt about the product later. So we do things like we don't just look at how many things you like or how much time you spend. We run these we have these like worth your time surveys where actually we do a lot of these where we'll ask you was this thing worth your time and we see if is the people are people's answers to that question trending up or trending down over time. So it's a balance of different types of of goals. It's funny too cuz yes, I'm critical of that and then but when I turn the the the the lens back onto us, I go like, I don't feel guilty that people would listen to our show 6 hours a week. We put out 6 hours of content a week. I would want them to listen to all 6 hours. That's that would be my dream. You know, cuz I think what we're doing is good. So, it's like it's tricky cuz I believe in it and I'm not really too concerned with how much times people are spending or quote wasting on this, which 

[27:11] I believe in. Yeah, yeah. So, it's it's a little hard for me to then be critical of someone else that has a creative endeavor that they also want people to consume. It's tricky. It's tricky, but I think you can do both. Like I think you can I think you can be I think the scrutiny is merited because the importance is there and I think there are responsibilities. Um I just think that it's evaluating how we do is not the same as evaluating how a person behaves. It's cuz it's a it's a it's a platform. There's lots of people. You your what you control and what you don't is different. What's appropriate for you to do and not do is different. Like I don't think you want a tech company in Silicon Valley deciding this topic is the most important topic today or this news event is the most important news event today and we're pushing that out. &gt;&gt; Or a dancing video is irrelevant and a waste of everyone's time. 

[28:00] &gt;&gt; Exactly. But you also don't want us to be agnostic. I'm under no I really don't think that you can pretend that, you know, we're neutral. We make decisions. Those affect how people use the product, what they see, and therefore there's responsibilities that come along with those decisions. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert. If you dare. We are supported by Allstate. Checking Allstate first could save you hundreds on car insurance. That's smart. Not checking the pockets of your jeans before doing laundry, classic oversight. That mystery clunking in the dryer, yeah, that was your lip balm's final moments. And somehow there's always one random receipt in there to dissolve into confetti. Yeah, checking first is smart. So, check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Potential savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and 

[28:52] availability. Allstate North American Insurance Co. and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois. We are supported by HubSpot. Did you know that most businesses, Monica, only use 20% of their data? &gt;&gt; That's like reading a book with most of the pages torn out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, or paying for a coffee that's 1/5 full. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Yuck. Point is, you miss a lot unless you use HubSpot. Their customer platform gives you access to the data you need to grow your business. The insights trapped in emails, call logs, and transcripts, all that unstructured data that makes all the difference. Because when you know more, you grow more. And when you get a full cup of coffee, you can do more, too. But I digress. Visit hubspot.com today. Have you guys ever approached this with the Daniel Kahneman framing of like thinking of multiple selves? And uh for a 

[29:50] shortcut, we'll call one the experiential self and one the narrative self. So one is the you that lays in bed at night and evaluates your day, evaluates where you are in this broader story of your life. Am I reaching my goals? Am I the family member I want to be? And that's your narrative self. And then the experiential self is like ooh, boobs, horsepower, right? Like that's instantly the experience itself is a self you have that you're servicing. And I can almost think of your was this useful to your time as being like trying to strike a balance between that narrative self and the experiential. Well, the experiential's good, but also it doesn't give you a a hangover from having used it. &gt;&gt; I talk about the tension as your first-order preferences and your second-order preferences. So I like Is also Kahneman, yeah? Yeah, I like chocolate. &gt;&gt; [snorts] 

[30:40] &gt;&gt; Like it tastes good. That's a preference. Yeah. I also want to be healthy and I want to eat healthy and that's a That is a &gt;&gt; want diabetes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, I don't want diabetes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I, you know, [snorts] I want to not want the chocolate. You know, like And so that's a second-order preference. And I think one of the things that the industry needs to be honest about and struggles with is that we optimize for things that we can measure and it's much easier to measure your first-order preferences than your second-order preferences. Did you like this thing in the next 500 milliseconds is pretty easy for us to tell. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, did you talk about it with a friend that night at the dinner or did you feel good about it the next day &gt;&gt; go to the GoFundMe page and and and donate money to that cause you were made aware of on there? 

[31:26] &gt;&gt; You can measure these things. It's just more difficult. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I have found in my time in this industry there doesn't seem to be any correlation between how easy something is to measure and how important it is. &gt;&gt; Mhm. But there is a strong correlation between how easy something is to measure and how much we optimize for it. Not out of any malicious intent but just because That's what's available. That's what's available. So I have to do is always push the teams to get more creative about trying to understand these second-order preferences or this narrative self Mhm. so that we can actually lean into it. Like that's why I really love the Dear Algo stuff. Have you guys seen this yet? &gt;&gt; No, what's that? &gt;&gt; That's actually not the external name. That's just how I say it. It's called Your Algorithm. Two years ago there was 

[32:06] a meme on Threads where people were writing letters to the algorithm making requests. Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; showing my high school friends kids' photos. Like I do not care. Like that kind of stuff. And so that inspired this and then the tech got to the place where we could do it. So it's only in the Reels tab right now. But if you go to the Reels tab in the top right there's these little under the US there's these little sliders with these hearts and it will tell you what we think you're interested in and then you can make edits. And you can say I am I actually want to see these things. I don't want to see these other topics. &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. Where Where is it? Where's the Reels tab? Ease. It's the second tab. Just click on the little uh &gt;&gt; bottom. Oh, boy. Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to do 

[32:51] it live. All right. This is going to be great. All right. So, do you see in the top right a little icon? Yeah. Wait. Up top there? The hearts? With the hearts. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Click it. Tap it. Let's see. This is I love that we're doing this live. &gt;&gt; Yes. This is annoying. What does it say? It says, "Lately you've been into &gt;&gt; Fashion. &gt;&gt; Uh "Lately you've been into award show glamour, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; sweat sessions, and culinary indulgences." It's pretty good. &gt;&gt; sweat sessions? That's interesting. No. Like workouts. &gt;&gt; Workouts. I do get served a lot of workouts. &gt;&gt; you're into them. That's the experience No, I'm sorry. Her narrative self knows she's supposed to be working out more. So, it's already servicing your narrative. You can you can See, there's a list of 

[33:37] &gt;&gt; Yeah. It says, "What you want to see more of, based on your activity summarized by AI. Golden Globes, fashion, luxury fashion, fashion. &gt;&gt; Monica fashion. Apple Podcasts, Los Angeles food scene." Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Beauty, comedy, food, fitness, motivation, Golden Globes. Pretty good. But now, let's say we were wrong. Let's say you're not into sweat sessions. You can actually press that and move that to the I don't want to see this thing. &gt;&gt; want to see less of. &gt;&gt; can get in your hands in there and you can change it. Because also, sometimes sometimes we might be misreading a signal. Like You're like, you don't really want to see it, but you can't stop looking at it. And another thing is sometimes your interest can change. Like this is a tragic example, but it one that I have a friend who went through, which is um she got pregnant, and she was going deep on the nesting thing, and her 

[34:24] Instagram got all about all this baby gear. Tragically, [clears throat] she lost the pregnancy. How How horrible [snorts] is it that she's opening up Instagram and we're pummeling you with baby stuff? Yes. Yes. So that was one of the inspirations for this, which is she should be able to go in and be like No, nothing nothing about nurseries. Yeah. Okay, I like that. &gt;&gt; by allowing you to get in there and not only see what we think you're interested in but you to tell us yes and no, that then hopefully allows people to express their second order preferences or the narrative self. Um now again, not everyone's going to do it but one way to one way to learn about these things is just to ask. So we we pick up on your interests, we learn from them and we adapt. But we don't have a like we don't understand quite as literally as people think we do what you're interested in. So like for 

[35:15] instance, like that joke, we don't understand that that's a joke about race from a black comic. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; It's not nuanced. &gt;&gt; It's The way it works is uh with uh an approach we call embeddings. So basically we The way you can think about it is you can take any video and map it into a space. You can It's not true to measure but imagine there's a giant two-dimensional map. Uh-huh. There's no borders or boundaries or labels. It's just a bunch of videos on a on a on a big board. &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. And you know, similar videos end up in similar places on the board. They concentrate in little areas. Yes, exactly cuz the way the technology works is similar things end up in similar places. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And so then if you like one video 

[35:59] or whatever it is, we look and find videos near it in that space and show you those videos. &gt;&gt; What allows us to do the your algorithm work is now we can embed topics into the same map as the videos. Uh-huh. And so we can be like, oh okay, cool. Like you said you're into like men's vintage fashion. That's here. Let's find the videos near here. Mhm. said you don't want to see, you know, like, you know, bikini videos. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. That topic is here. Those videos will won't show you any videos that are near it over here. &gt;&gt; So, you're giving it a low side, basically. &gt;&gt; Yeah, kind of, yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We couldn't do that effectively even uh 2 years ago. And so, that's how that's actually how a lot of ranking works is we're like, all right, you like this thing, what is similar to it? We'll show it to you. People think it's like, 

[36:55] oh, you know I'm into surfing. And it's like, 2 years ago I could it would have just been this giant number. I wouldn't have been able to tell you what it means. Now I can say, oh, that's pretty close to surfing or to like skater culture or whatever it is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I appreciate you reading your algorithm out loud, by the way. That took some bravery. Thank you. I didn't I didn't know it was coming, but I it's good. Is there a way to add So, I see you can drag, but can you like type in &gt;&gt; Whatever you want. &gt;&gt; But, do you think people should like the things that are getting you angry on a regular basis, and figure out what words that are associated with that anger, and and block them out? &gt;&gt; That's called hidden words. Yeah, you can do that. You can do that for comments, too, and you can also do that for your messages. I like that one a 

[37:33] lot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's just people they like to be angry. This is where this and I and I this isn't your issue, but I don't see people wanting to get rid of that cuz that's they want it. Yeah. I think it depends. So, for politics specifically, uh this this research is a bit out of date, but I remember when we were writing about We say research, it's usually surveys. We found that there was a small percentage of people who really wanted more politics, but most people were like, I kind of want to see less politics. Um and I think that's again this tension between the narrative self and what was the other self? &gt;&gt; Experiential. &gt;&gt; Experiential self. If they like saw it, they got &gt;&gt; It's engaging. &gt;&gt; engaging. We they clicked on it, we think they like it, but they don't but they're they're narrative self or the 

[38:22] second-order preference was like, I just need a break. &gt;&gt; good. They know they don't feel good afterwards. Yeah, and most people at least with these surveys were in that bucket. There's a very loud, call it 5 or 10% of people, I forget what the number is specifically, so a meaningful minority, but minority, that are like all in. It also varies by platform. Like Threads has a way more politics than Instagram does. Not cuz it ranks for politics, but because you make these other decisions about how the app works. Threads is designed around back and forth conversation. That's better for debate. That's going to mean topics like politics are better served. &gt;&gt; I be right to say Threads is also encouraging you to share thoughts, not necessarily images? &gt;&gt; I think Instagram is about, you know, sharing a creative object, a visual creativity, videos, photos. Threads is 

[39:12] about perspectives, your hot takes. And you're going to have a lot of takes on what's going on in politics. So the percentage of Threads that is politics is way higher than the percentage of Instagram. I mean, that's yeah, that's that's concerning to me, you know? I I don't know that's doing anyone any good, but whatever. I don't get to decide. Um Okay, now let's talk about AI-generated content. &gt;&gt; Yes. It's a very uncontroversial &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; that I'm sure you have a perfect succinct &gt;&gt; put yourself out in the fire. I'm impressed. &gt;&gt; Well, you got to talk about these things. I would way rather that everything that you is in your mind that you're worried about or that someone is watching is thinking about we talk about than to sweep anything underneath the rug. And I hope people have an appetite too. 

[39:57] We're not sure and we're doing the best we can to monitor it and see as it evolves. I hope there's some appetite for that and some some some latitude for that because that's the reality of how this is kind of unfolding. So I have a lot of questions about it. One is we should start by defining it, right? Cuz here's what's tricky. You were asked during this Bloomberg thing, could you label everything that was AI generated? That would be helpful for all of us. And you're like, yes, we agree. We did that. And what we were doing is it'll read anything you do on Photoshop or Adobe as being AI generated. So it's like where is this line? If someone uses some Photoshop to brush up a pimple on their face in the video, Yeah, yeah. that's now AI. Where are we drawing the line? So Yeah. &gt;&gt; Maybe we should just kind of define it. Like most complicated issues, the edges 

[40:49] are much easier to define. So there's clearly a, you know, you used a film camera and it took light and those photons hit a piece of film and like you captured a moment and it's not perfect, but it's like I authentic capture of a moment in reality. And then there's I went to some AI model and I came up with an idea with and I expressed that as words and then out came this crazy video of a hippo on a tutu doing a backflip. Yes. That clearly never ever happened. Yes. So that's purely synthetic content and then, you know, what I would call maybe captured content. Um but there's actually I think most content's in the middle. So like with all of our phones today, when you capture, it's doing a lot of photo processing. It some of it's using AI, some of it's not, but it's like it's trying to make sure, you know, you are not wildly backlit. So if the sky's bright in front of you, it might use AI 

[41:44] to brighten you up and darken the sky so it looks more like you would perceive it as opposed to a film camera where you would never be able to see the person. &gt;&gt; Yes, doing AI's doing color correction like crazy. All sorts of stuff, right? &gt;&gt; It's doing sometimes in some of the default cameras, it's doing skin smoothing. It's doing things that are a little bit more contentious. &gt;&gt; Really? Uh there's lots of work to try to make sure lighting works properly for different skin colors, which is another interesting thing. That just happened to me. I took a picture with a gal that was working at a restaurant in Detroit that I frequent. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And, uh, as she held it for the selfie and took the picture, I was like, "What? I look 29 in this photo." Yeah. And she looks much younger. I was like, "Oh, her like her go-to camera is this augmented &gt;&gt; like an app or something she uses? 

[42:27] &gt;&gt; takes photos clearly through this app. Oh, yeah. And I I looked at it as it came out. I was like, "Well, that's neither of us, but here we go. There's There's your picture." &gt;&gt; Yeah. When you do portrait mode, &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; it's recreating the bokeh effect you get from a shallow depth of field from a really wide-open lens. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Um, and so then it's like, "Okay, well, if it's using this kind of model or this kind of AI model, what's like what is AI?" Is an interesting question. You know, if I'm if I'm doing a spot clean up for like a pimple, it might be just literally copying pixels or might be using AI to generate pixels. Do we call that AI? And so, I'm not trying to put my hands up in the air and say we can't do anything. I'm just saying the reality of the situation is it is a spectrum. &gt;&gt; Hard to define. And I almost impossible 

[43:12] to Yeah. So, there's that challenge, and then there's another challenge which is the models are getting so good that like the work that we do now, and we do work to try to detect things that are automatically generated by AI, you know, we'll get less and less effective over time as the models get better. Now, our models can get better, too, but it's an arms race. Yeah. And I actually think at this point we will continue that race, but it might be more practical to essentially mark things that were captured when they when they are captured by the camera with what's called like a fingerprint, um, and verify that those were actually captured than verify that things were actually generated. It might be easier to identify what was actually captured &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. by a camera by doing industry-wide solutions around, um, some of these interesting, uh, 

[44:00] technologies than to try and automatically detect what was created with an AI. Yeah. Um, so we're now exploring that. So, you you could click on something that you see on social media and it could be like, "Hey, we this, you know, this was signed by, you know, the Sony camera in a way that can't be replicated or or forged by AI." &gt;&gt; using like NFT technology to kind of create that? &gt;&gt; There's a couple different approaches out there. I'm forgetting the name of the the one that Adobe's leaned into right now. I was reading about theirs last week or the week before. But, basically you work with manufacturers. So, whether it's Apple or Google or Samsung or Sony or Canon or whatever, and they actually put basically a Think of it as like a signature in the file that can't be replicated. Is there a way in 

[44:51] to just require that whoever creates the content, so instead of you guys having to go in and decipher, that who it's like illegal if you create something from AI to not say it's like that it's on the onus is on the creator, not on you guys. Like the ad like ads are like that, right? Where you have to say this is an ad. So, yes, but then the challenge is enforcement. &gt;&gt; have to police it, which puts them in the situation that they're currently in. So, like ads is a good example. So, in the US, there is no law that says you have to mark something as an ad if it's an ad. In Germany, you do. Actually, so in Germany, you'll see a lot of creators who just put ad on everything cuz they're worried that like if they unintentionally there's like a, you know, liquid death water in the [snorts] background, they're going to get in trouble. And then the question is how does the 

[45:39] government police it? Cuz you said illegal. We had a rule, let's say you have to mark it as AI, then we have to The rule doesn't matter if unless we enforce it. Back to the traffic light sort of analogy from before. So, to enforce it, we need to be able to detect it on our own and say like, "Hey, you didn't label this." And then again, what percentage are we going to let slide? If is it 8% synthetic, Yeah. &gt;&gt; is it 12% synthetic? When do we enforce? Am I Am I writing a ticket for five over or 15 over? I want to give people context to make more informed decisions. So, you know, we could maybe show you how likely we think it is to be AI. We don't know for sure, but we think there's a 70% chance. Or we could show you, oh, this was actually signed, so we know this was actually captured because it's signed by this industry standard. Uh and I think we're better for us to adopt a 

[46:29] standard than build our own that works across the whole industry because obviously people spend a lot of time on a lot of social networks, not just Instagram. And I My bias is to not avoid the work, but to do the work that is going to be robust over the long run and then give people information to decide what they want to trust or not. But again, in this same Bloom- Bloomberg interview, you said something I think is very profound and and again, I think people in general want everyone else to do the work that's also their work. Uh whether that's your kids not doing well in school, it's the teacher's fault, but you've not done one bit of homework with your kid. You know, you're always everyone's always off. The homework fights are hard. Yes, but you you said what you do with your own boys. There is some personal responsibility, which is we're maybe not asking the right 

[47:16] question. The question we're asking is is this AI or not? And a better framing of it for your own children, what you tell your children, is is to ask them who created it, Yeah. &gt;&gt; what their incentives are, Yeah. and what they're after. You You have to identify that cuz that's really how you're going to figure all this out. &gt;&gt; I think that's what digital literacy is going to become for our kids is in a world where anybody can create something that looks real, sure, you can be like, does it have a signature or not? Is it like generated by AI or not? But it's still going to become much more important to consider who said it and why they might have said it. And that is something that historically isn't how we think, not just online but offline, right? We just kind of evaluate what we see based on exactly that, what we see. Exactly. We will believe our eyes. 

[48:08] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yes, and then and of course we get into the vast spectrum of skepticism that people inherently have. What's funny is we want to not have to do on this platform what we do in real life, which is you're telling me you need $20 because you need a bus ticket back to wherever cuz your kids So, I'm evaluating, am I getting scammed right now? Is this person genuinely trying to get home or are they trying to go get Mad Dog 20/20? I have to try to figure that out and I have to do my best to assess their intention. And we're doing it all the time in all of our interpersonal relationships. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If a guy's selling you something, you've got to consider the fact, well, they're a salesman who gets paid on units moved. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so I must keep in some, you know, I can must keep that in mind when I'm evaluating how effective this product is or not. Yeah. And then we're going to just have to do that 

[49:00] with the content we see. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then our role, I think, is going to be to give you and make more prominent, cuz some of this already exists, but it's too hard to get to, more information. This account is based in this country. It was created two days ago or 20 years ago or in our case 15 years ago. Like, you know, You used yourself as an example. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. So, you could be like, okay, Adam is this account is based in the US. It has had no username changes ever and it was, you know, it's been registered for, call it, 13, 14 years. This is reputation. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. And then we could add other things like this post was was recorded with a Sony camera, authenticated by Sony, or this post was created with AI. That might not mean it's a bad post, but &gt;&gt; Right, but then you just know. &gt;&gt; You just know. When you said, and I guess this is probably forthcoming, I 

[49:48] would be so supportive of this, is your biases. So, you are left leaning. Yeah. You are right leaning. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You mentioned financial bias which is incredibly pertinent. &gt;&gt; But then there's even other things over time. I mean we're talking about step two, not three, four, five like I think it would be interesting to be like, okay, well this meme or this narrative like where did it come from? Right? Like who was the first person who posted about this? Yes. Um you know, that's interesting not just from a safety perspective but from a the value should go to the original creator perspective. Creators, right? Like on one hand it could be like, okay, this is a this is a lie, who started it? But on the other hand it could be like, this is an amazing dance or bit, who came up with it first? Yeah, yeah. &gt;&gt; And like we like there all sorts of really interesting things that we can do under this umbrella of surfacing 

[50:40] information about what you're seeing so that you can either not just decide whether or not to trust it but decide what it means. I can tell you the one that scared me. I saw I mean this was a breakdown, thank god someone exposed this but this this video that had gone very, very viral which was it was a New York City police officer confronting ICE agents Yeah. saying, you don't have jurisdiction in this city. I too am upholding the Constitution. And it it was like it was compelling, it was inspiring, it was action you know, you wanted to take action when you saw it. And it was millions and millions and millions of forwards. Yeah. And someone had the wherewithal to zoom in on the badge on the shoulder of the cop and it's not real writing but I'm telling you I think I'm quite good at seeing this stuff as probably all of us think of the literacy competency illusion. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're not good at it. 

[51:33] &gt;&gt; And I was like, oh now this this is what's really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dangerous. This is like a super inspirational video that could make you leave your house and go react to something that didn't happen. &gt;&gt; And was designed to be. Like it's not a coincidence that that thing was sent around. It was designed to be sent around. It was designed to invoke a specific emotion. And I just think, man, when you start having people responding to atrocities that haven't even happened, that's the scary part, I think. Do you know, there's there's tons of things that are [clears throat] concerning and there's tons of things that are exciting. I think this is it's just technologies has continued to change more and more quickly. Yeah. And we're just accelerating a lot right now. Like this has been happening as a trend for a long time, but this last year or two and this next couple years is a real inflection point in the speed at which 

[52:21] technology is changing. And there are lots of things to be excited about. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And there's lots of things to be concerned about. Uh and our job as platforms like Instagram is to consider both, right? In what [snorts] way can AI give people superpowers, make you help you remember everything, process immense amounts of information, produce more, be more creative, get people who weren't creative to be creative in the first place. &gt;&gt; Mhm. But also, how can it be abused? Where do we have to make sure we're giving people more context that we didn't think about having to give people just a year or two ago? You know, where do we have to be more careful about how it's going to be misused and then preventatively or get ahead of that and prevent those misuses from happening in the first place? &gt;&gt; Yeah. When invariably something happens that we didn't plan on that's bad, how can we react quickly? 

[53:08] &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. Uh and it's it's just the two sides. &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] job you've taken on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very. It is It is amazing It is a It is very stressful and it's also really amazing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's just like the product itself. Yeah, yeah. No, that is It's not lost on me. What's like your personal high from the job? I get to meet amazing people. Um which for me is really energizing for two reasons. One, I I love people. I'm an extrovert. Um but two, I'm really curious about different industries. I like I get to go and be like talk to a bunch of different podcasters about how their world works. How does the business work? How does the creative process work? I get to do the same thing in fashion. I get to do the same thing with, you know, European footballers. You're just exposed to everyone. I'm lucky enough that I get to talk to 

[53:56] people who are amazing in all these different worlds. Yeah. And all these different countries. We have the same upside of same job upside. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. For sure. Yeah, yeah. That's one of my favorite perks of this job. &gt;&gt; keep walking away and she's like, "It's impossible the amount of people we've got to meet Yeah. in this one lifetime." &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; And you get to really talk to them. Yes. In a world where not long after me, we have been part of moving the world to shorter and shorter bits of information that are consumed, you all are part of this sort of almost counter trend, which is like, "No, we're just going to talk for an hour or two. Yeah. And we're going to go deep. Yeah, yeah. And people want that. Part of but that, you know, I I get nervous because even with what we do, so much has changed in the past eight 

[54:39] years since when we started, where they knew, like they would come and you'd have to listen for the whole thing or for most of it. But now, clips are such a huge part of the the doing podcast, and I do worry. I'm like, "Oh, no, it's just like back to the thing that we were escaping, which is like late night &gt;&gt; Yeah, literally we were &gt;&gt; to the 140 characters. Yeah, and the five-minute fun clip on on late night, which we love, but the whole point is to have like a real conversation. And now it feels like we're almost reverting back to that. I think what's key, and you should tell me if I'm off base here, cuz this is now your world, not mine. Um is to not conflate what I see as this, you know, more of the marketing for the conversation and then the actual conversation. And there might be way more views of the short 

[55:30] clips on YouTube and Instagram and elsewhere. Um but the core of the business, I think, is still the long form. Both from a like who do you have the deepest connection with as a creative, but also from a business perspective. Yeah, the real estate to sell is on the long form. &gt;&gt; Exactly. That's a bummer, I think, sometimes where I'm like, "Oh my god." I mean, I ask so many people. I'm like, "Oh, did you listen to that? Did you listen to that?" Or they they say something let's say they say something about Good Hang, and I'm like, "Oh, did you listen?" They're like, "I saw clips." I mean, "I saw clips" is so common. Totally. And there will be more people who see clips than listen to the whole thing. But if you're growing the the group of people who listen to the whole thing by having 10 times as many people do clips, you're still growing your core base. 

[56:16] &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. It's just hard to compete. &gt;&gt; you But if that's shrinking, then it's concerning. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't have that fear. I don't think we're losing listeners to clips. I think we're getting exposed to more people who don't do two-hour shows, personally. &gt;&gt; I also like about your world is you get to participate with just audio. Obviously, video's become a big deal. This is why this place is so beautiful. But like I listen to you guys when I'm on the way to work, when I'm in the car, when I'm like, you know, when I'm working out. I can't do that with Instagram. I can't do that with clips and videos. And so you get to participate in parts of people's lives that things and uh products and the apps like Instagram don't. I I agree. That's what I love 

[57:06] about it, but I I worry that it is it is changing and moving more into because our attentions are much shorter. Yeah, yeah. &gt;&gt; That it's like, "Oh, I got the gist." &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, it's it's a it's a real worry. I think people underappreciate audio in general. Like my whole industry does. Like I've been trying to push it a little bit, which is most time spent on Instagram is watching videos now. That is half audio, right? But we're not thinking about that experience in any as much. What does Instagram sound like is an interesting question. Because the visual component has just gotten better and better and better and the audio experience is really not. &gt;&gt; And we tend to I think think more about what we see than what we hear, but what we hear I think can have just as strong an emotional impact. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Another thing that I was 

[57:52] sympathetic to is First of all, I think it would might shock people to learn and you do this great example when you have a crowd of people it's very easy to demonstrate the reality of this cuz when you first say it you almost don't believe it, but tell us where people spend time on Instagram. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Cuz you have basically four options, right? You have the feed. Yep. Uh you have reels. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You have DMs. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh maybe is there three? &gt;&gt; Stories. &gt;&gt; And stories. &gt;&gt; Stories a big one. Right. So you've got these four columns. Yeah. And and also just start maybe at the beginning what it was and where we're at now. People my age, I'm in my 40s, um they think of Instagram almost always as a feed of square photos cuz that's what Instagram was when Instagram launched. But if you look at how people spend their time and even more if you look at 

[58:40] what people do, it's just not the core part of Instagram anymore. People share way more to stories than they do to feed. People, particularly young people, spend way more time in stories than they do in feed. Um but the thing that people do the most, particularly young people, is actually message, is DM. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um teens will often and young people will spend more time even in DMs than in some of these other surfaces and they definitely share way more. And forget about all the text. If you just look at photos and videos sent, Yeah. That's interesting. &gt;&gt; way more photos and videos sent in as DMs than there are posted to stories or or feed or even those two combined at this point. Yeah. You ask everyone to like put your hand up if you've sent a DM on Instagram in the last day. And 90% of the room puts their hand up. Great. Now tell keep your hand up if you have If you posted a story. I actually did this just this one time at Bloomberg. I 

[59:33] made it up. I was like you do you did you open up Instagram today? You know, did you send a DM today? Did you post a story today? And it's like a bunch of hands went down. Did you post a feed post today? And it was like Every hand. It was like two people. Did you post today? I did. Well, we didn't cuz we have a schedule. [laughter] Yeah, that's right. But when you did it that way it really sank in. Like oh oh yes, true. And then and then what I appreciated was you being honest about the fact that we have that data, right? So had we only stuck with feed and we said no, we're feed only. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I wouldn't be on this stage today. We wouldn't be relevant because we see what people want to do and they would have gone to a place where they could have done that. And 

[60:20] that's just the hard facts of the business. Yeah. And so what I thought about is we've had very few changes. We went from audio to video and people lost their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mind. Yeah. And then the other crazy thing was we had you could do it a week early if you join the subscription. People lost their mind. &gt;&gt; Also when we first went to Spotify, people really freaked out. Yeah, but all to say we've only had three or four changes in eight years and it was very difficult and people were very very angry. Yeah. And so I was thinking like how you're weathering the outrage and and also the frustration despite what everyone's saying, once they get over the hurdle they like it. I think this challenge of change management was the first like my first exposure to this sort of controversy in the industry where you know, I was the designer on a new design of the home page of Facebook in late 2008, early 2009. 

[61:23] And like people lost their minds. Yeah, [laughter] yeah, yeah. And I got I won't I won't say on the right but I was reading the comments, it [snorts] was not a lot of threats. And I'm like 25. I'm like And again, my self-worth is totally tied up in my work. Like I have &gt;&gt; Right. You're nothing if you're not that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and I'm just just kidding. Punk. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You ruined it. Yeah, I was just like just devastated. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; And you know, you you learn to accept the fact that look, if you're going to spend half an hour an hour using our product a day, it's like I think of it the analogy I used to use is like it's a desk. You wrote some letters, you organized some photos, you did some things, and I just came in and I just rearranged your desk. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're going to tell me to F off because 

[62:09] I didn't ask for permission and you think of it as your desk. &gt;&gt; Yes. But the the alternative is to become irrelevant and I don't think that's being bombastic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh I'll give Mark a lot of credit on this. Mark's always said that companies usually fail by hitting their goals all the way down. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Um and what that's about not really defining success properly and also not being willing to make hard decisions. In that case, it's about aiming high. But in this case, it's about being willing to actually do things differently. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I would rather lead Instagram during however long I lead it for through a bunch of changes and occasionally go too fast, too far and get backlash than have it become irrelevant under my watch. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's fair. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert if you dare. 

[63:11] This is relevant because my phone updated last night. &gt;&gt; Uh-oh. &gt;&gt; Do Do have the new update? &gt;&gt; I've been Japanese. I hate it so I almost I was like I'm in a bad mood today. Like I can't figure out how to use this. I don't like the way it looks. I'm so mad. We've pushed you far. We've made mistakes. We've experienced our fair share of of of of of slaps for it. We're trying something now that different that I don't know if it's going to work or not, but we are trying a version of Instagram that is basically you open it up and it's just stories and then you swipe straight into Reels. Um and if and when we launch it, there's going to be all of the all of the energy So there will be no grid post at all? &gt;&gt; no. There'll just be you you can swipe through them, too. You'd have to select to be on the feed? The feed would just feel more be more video. It'll still 

[63:59] support photos, but it'll be full screen one at a time. &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. So you can't post a photo And how and the Reels tab and Shorts on YouTube and all of it. Okay. Yeah, that scares me. Yeah, I know. I don't want you to do that. Yeah, [laughter] so I don't know if it's going to work, but but we're doing it when we try new things, we have to be ready to answer questions cuz people see it. Right. &gt;&gt; So right now we are allowing people, not everybody, but we're allowing people in India to opt in and the idea is to manage this if it's successful over a year or even two and keep making the experience better and better and then see how many people opt in and of the people who do switch, how many of people keep it. Right. 

[64:43] &gt;&gt; And then when we get to a place where let's say the majority of people switch and the majority of them actually also keep it, then we can consider moving everybody else over, but that we need to that creates a really healthy incentive for us to make it something people want to switch to, but it also takes a long time. It's a trial. So we're trying it out. &gt;&gt; Is there a way to mass DM? Is there a way to get people to like sign up for or something where we DM them? &gt;&gt; Channels. You can create a channel, which is basically a broadcast DM where people can sign up and then you can just It's basically like a group chat, but instead of having every, you know, armchair in a group chat, um you can just message all of them and then they can reply to your messages. So, it's kind of You can kind of consume it. &gt;&gt; But, it's not creating a message board. No, it's just in DMs. I I think we 

[65:36] should do that and start sending out the episodes. Yeah, it's not for Do you know the understand about that? Is the number of people who will sign up for that is much smaller than the people who are going to follow your account. Right. &gt;&gt; for your most passionate people. And so, the content strategy should match that. Okay, so great. That brings up my It was my grievance the first time we spoke with you and it's continues to be my grievance that I need to understand the rationale behind it. Please. &gt;&gt; Why can I put a link in stories and I can't put a link anywhere else? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we hate that. &gt;&gt; can't I put a link in my feed? Yeah, it's contentious. I get this one every week. Um the [laughter] Might Might be time to buckle. Yeah, well, you know, I have buckled before. If we do links for everybody everywhere, I think what will happen is there'll be a lot of links posted very quickly and it'll change 

[66:26] how Instagram feels significantly and I don't think it'll be for the better. Well, when you get a lot more scam and spam, cuz that's links are the vector for all of that. You get a lot more politics and you get a lot more news, cuz they usually are link and text oriented as opposed to photo and video oriented. Um and I think we become less differentiated from other platforms like Facebook. And I want us to be about creativity. And I think specifically Instagram is about visual creativity. And I think when we do links, I think we become more about news and publishers and politics and less about um fashion and art and, you know, film. And so, that's the That's the reason. Yeah. I don't expect that to be remotely satisfying. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um 

[67:14] &gt;&gt; But, that is the reason. &gt;&gt; Okay. Another quick thing I wanted to ask you about is I watch a lot of your two-camera posts, and they are generally bits of advice for creators. &gt;&gt; Oh, my my videos. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yours. Your comfort level of speaking directly to the lens is outstanding. I I mean, the fact that you're not in show business is incredible because I suffer from that. You get right on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and talk directly to the lens all the time. And you're giving tips to creators. And I was curious, do you have a distinction in your mind between the occasional poster who puts the food or their vacation photos up Yeah. versus someone who's making content? &gt;&gt; Yes. Those are two different What would we call the two groups? There's creators and then what? Just average folks. &gt;&gt; Users. And what percentage is on the 

[67:59] platform? Do you have any sense of that? I mean, depends on how you define it, but there definitely at the very least tens of millions of creators. &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. And there's over 3 billion people who use Instagram. So, it's a tiny minority. Yeah, but I mean, uh &gt;&gt; hunch is because you're servicing them so much, are they the lifeblood of the platform? &gt;&gt; They are very viable They're like very viable for the platform. I think that creators took Well, a couple things. One, we would define creators as individuals or groups of people. Uh so, not like a company or corporation or brand Mhm. that produce original content um with the intent to grow. So, like, you know, you're trying to get something done. Maybe you're trying to evangelize a cause, maybe you're trying to get elected, maybe you're trying to sell some shoes, but there's a there's an intent there to grow. 

[68:45] &gt;&gt; Right. So, if you're just posting pictures of your vacations or the occasional hobby, that's cool, but it's not that we don't think of you as a creator. You can be creative, that's great. But, I believe and we believe, I should say, that power has been shifting from institutions to individuals across industries for years and we should be leaning into that. Uh you know athletes are much more relevant relative to the teams that they play for compared to like 10, 20, 30 years ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah, or the fact that these college kids are now incredibly well paid all through that. Yeah. Yeah. Journalists are becoming building their own brands outside of the publications that they work for. Yeah. You'll see actors have their Instagrams explode when their new Netflix show gets announced even before it drops and I think this is because we want to understand the world through the eyes of people, people we admire or 

[69:40] trust or look up to and that's what creators are. Yeah. And so we think that we we should lean in there cuz that's what people are most interested in. Yeah. And they're that's who's going to become more and more important over time. This is so obvious but I I didn't think of it until you said it out loud which is you you said I think it's useful occasionally to pull all the way back and look at the very big picture which is what the internet the first iteration gave rise to is prior to the internet people could not self publish. Yeah. The expense was too high or there were institutions that controlled that. Yeah. And so the first wave of the internet was really allowing every human to be a publisher. Yeah. And that's like a big big concept and it's been great and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] us up cuz not everyone should be publishing and we're hearing from a lot of people that we wouldn't have otherwise and they're very helpful. So 

[70:30] that's that's the We've given a lot of power to everybody. Yeah. Very democratized. Everyone's the democratization of everything. Well, this is what it looks like. Yeah. And now the second wave is really producers, production. So before studios and the only could afford the Arriflex camera that was 250,000 and the film you put in it that was 35,000, the processing and all the stuff that went into creating content. Yeah. It was impossible for someone to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's been changing, but AI is really now the insane breakthrough where it's like your environment could be any location. So, what we're now doing is democratizing production. Yeah. Which is a fascinating thought. Yeah. My hope is that the way we participate in this wave will empower human creativity. Right? Like, I think that there's versions of AI that will 

[71:26] disintermediate people and displace people in jobs, but there's also versions of AI that I think can give people give creative people the ability to do more of what they do so well and to be more successful. And so, my hope is that on Instagram, the ways that we lean into AI with creative tools and assistance and the ability to understand your insights or to understand the patterns for what works and what doesn't or to recreate or create whatever is in your imagination will be really empowering. Um but, you know, it's going to be this it's the same construct. It's the internet allowed anybody to publish and reach an audience um because the cost of distributing things went almost to zero. Yeah. And AI is going to make the cost of producing things go way way way down as well. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so, you will just see more things. More content. &gt;&gt; Our job is to figure out the right way 

[72:24] and the responsible way to manage the platform one of the platforms. Yes. Um and I'm hoping that we can really empower human creativity in how we lean into that. But that's that's the big question for us over the next couple years. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, how have you evolved in terms of monetizing the work of those creators? And how does it How is Instagram generating money for these creators and how does it compare to say a creator on YouTube? So, what creators do and they're not the only who do this, is they make content, people consume that content, and then we sell ads, obviously, between pieces of content. Again, you know, you could think of it as selling ads against that sort of attention. &gt;&gt; It's really the old network television model. You get this free show, Seinfeld, and you're going to watch a Clorox commercial. 

[73:08] &gt;&gt; Exactly. Now, YouTube has a historically been more focused on long-form video, and they show ads before and during the video, and then they give creators uh a cut. Mhm. Our videos are shorter, so we don't put ads before. You don't get a pre-roll on Instagram, which is like, you know, [clears throat] you have to watch this. Yeah. And you don't get ads in the middle of the videos. Um so, there's one challenge, which is, you know, who deserves the credit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. YouTube is the best in the industry at creator payouts, I think. And I mean, specifically paying creators directly, cuz creators can the the platform can pay them, the fans can pay them, or brands can pay them. In terms of the platform paying them, YouTube does the best. Yeah. Now, what we've done is we've got tests in here, we've and think it's currently in the US, India, Japan, and Korea at different times, we've tried to pay 

[73:58] creators to for creating content. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And what we keep finding, particularly with videos, if we pay creators, we're like, "Hey, if you make this number of posts, we'll pay you this number of dollars." They do create more posts, but the posts the incremental posts that they make are not as good. Mhm. And they don't get that many more so they actually don't drive up the amount of time people use Instagram that much. I was going to say there's really no metric you can decide on that it's not going to obscure the output because it could either be number of posts or it could be total views. Well, now total views I'm incentivized to be provocative. I'm incentivized to be what the algorithm was on YouTube. &gt;&gt; And but even if you ignored those challenges, all the tests we have are just burning money. If we if we invest $10 million in a in a in a uh, bonus program, we've never made anywhere near 

[74:48] $10 million back. I'd be happy just to break even. &gt;&gt; Sure, sure, sure. &gt;&gt; Like, for me these things if we could have this program break even, um, have the eligibility be clear. So, it's obvious how you get to be part of it cuz it can't feel like a lotto. Yeah. And ideally the payouts aren't embarrassing. Yeah, yeah. And like, then it's a success. Yeah. It people create so much content on their own that the incremental and the incremental content that people create when we pay them is not that high in quality or quantity on average. I'm sure some people are doing amazing things. That we end up burning most of the money. And I just &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; We're a business. I want to be honest about that. We're not just going to burn the money. &gt;&gt; So, we'll continue iterating cuz that could change. 

[75:30] Or trying, I should say. Um, but we focus more now on the other ways we can help creators make a living. How can we help with, um, fans paying you directly? I was going to say you have a Patreon-ish version that exists, right? &gt;&gt; We have subscriptions, which is actually a quietly growing and doing well. Where if you have a platform where people are willing to pay for your content, you can do that on Instagram. You can set the price. You know, we're not trying I think we just cover the cost of running it. We don't actually make money off that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then the big one though is getting paid by brands. Um, you know, last I checked was years ago. It seemed like it was more than a $15 billion industry a year, which is creators get making deals off platform. Yeah. And getting paid by companies to 

[76:15] advertise their products. &gt;&gt; Yeah. To do a post about a pair of sneakers. &gt;&gt; So, we've tried to support that. So, we have the creator marketplace where you can have brands and creators find each other and suss each other out. We have ads tools where the ads can then use that creative and run ads with that same creative with the creator's permission. It's like a system that integrates that perfectly into that. &gt;&gt; the advertiser can find out the value that they're getting from actually paying for this content. &gt;&gt; Yes. Uh, we want creators to get paid, but we can't just burn money writing checks. So, we're trying to find a balance. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So interesting. [snorts and sighs] We're going to do a hard pivot, I can feel it. You make a prediction dangerously, perhaps, but your 2026 

[76:58] prediction was looking forward to 2026, one significant interesting is that authenticity is becoming infinitely reproducible. Yeah, this is a real tension. Tell me about this statement. I think I understand it, but I'm not sure. It's abstract enough that you could deny any implications of the statement. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You've got in legal terms, this is like real messy language. I wrote that thing and I was like, I was like, I should write more. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; And I wrote this thing and it was like really boring. And then I was like, all right, I should make it less boring and then I rewrote it and I was like, now this is purposely controversial. That's annoying. [laughter] That's just as boring, just different. So, then I was like, all right, I should just cut half of the stuff that I don't have any business weighing in on anyway, 

[77:37] and I'll focus on the things that I care most about. So, I don't know how it turned out, but you read it, so that's cool. I knew you had to do your homework for this thing. People think of Instagram's aesthetic, particularly people my age, as these perfect photos, sunsets, you know, skin smoothing, makeup, all this whole thing. Um, that is not what is in the cultural zeitgeist today. Um, what works even on Instagram is content that is not is kind of very purposely counter to that polished aesthetic. &gt;&gt; Messy. Messy, raw, pimples, blurry, you know, like not cropped properly. Real. Cuz people just want a little of authenticity in this world where we're inundated with processed, intense information. So, I think that there's this interesting thing now where that perfect aesthetic is becoming cheap because it's easy to produce, and so the most savvy 

[78:29] creatives across a lot of industries are kind of rebelling against that. Not atypical of what happens in different art worlds. &gt;&gt; any person in a business, you're looking for a hole in the market and you're trying to fill it. So, if everything is perfect and polished, what's Yeah. available to exploit is this. &gt;&gt; So, we're in this moment now, and I don't know how long it'll last, where imperfections are a indication of authenticity. Mhm. And [clears throat] that's one of the reasons why they're working. They're also relatable. Mhm. And so, it's a way of being like, I'm not AI, or I'm not a brand who's trying to sell you something. I'm just a I'm just a person. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up mess. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, I curse, I stutter over my words, I make mistakes, just like everybody else. So, that's kind of where we are, and you're already starting to see it. 

[79:14] &gt;&gt; AI's going to figure that out, right? &gt;&gt; It's already recreating it. Like, if you talk to chat GPT, like, you hear you hear it take a breath. Ugh. It doesn't need to breathe. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, like, that's not a thing. Um, and so, I think that you're going to be able to create the illusion of the illusion of that raw imperfections. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's how it works. &gt;&gt; you started, like, it's still starting now, and that's going to that's going to happen. &gt;&gt; Adam, I called the front desk of the hotel I was staying at in Detroit. Yeah. Busy, busy, busy, busy. Then I went online, I got the actual hard number to the place and called on my phone. Yeah, landlines now. It was like, "Hello, thank you for calling such and such hotel in blah blah blah." And it had a bunch of imperfections in the thing. Yeah. And I was talking for a while, and I go, "I don't know what clued me in, but I go, 'Hold on, are you a 

[80:02] computer?'" No. &gt;&gt; like, "I can see why you would ask that." And I was like, "Oh, yeah. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude, this is nuts." &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. YEAH. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; IT'S A THING. IT'S A THING. &gt;&gt; YEAH, YEAH. YEAH, YEAH. I talked FOR A WHILE BEFORE I FIGURED OUT IT WAS A COMPUTER. &gt;&gt; I KNOW. BUT IN THAT IN THAT WORLD, you know, what's left? You know, I think it's our taste, it's our perspective, it's our, you know, it's our opinions, um, that are going to be the thing that makes some piece of content be interesting or not. But the other question for me is how can you point the technology at what you want to get done, right? There's a one way to think about it is 

[80:45] like it is an it, it is an algorithm, it is AI and it is coming for you. There's another way which is like, all right, it's a bunch of tools, it's it doesn't care about me, it's agnostic. Yeah. But like what are the things that I want to do that it can help me do more of, better, faster, stronger, etc. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, how do I figure out how to do that? Cuz I mean, cuz it seems on one hand, it's interesting to touch on. On one hand, it's so technical, right? Like you're talking about these giant, you know, foundation models and these data centers with all of these GPUs and you're like all this like it's like everyone's Anybody listening to this is already like, I don't care what you said. So, on one side, it's so technical. On the other side, it makes things so much more approachable. Like I I used to like I said before, I'm not good at anything. I used to program. I used to write a lot of code. Uh, really bad code. There's these some 

[81:33] engineers now who will go look up my diffs. Just [laughter] to make you want to throw up. Just to make fun It's just like rage. Just just dunk on me on internal forums. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I can code again now because I can work with an AI to program. I can speak to it in English. &gt;&gt; Wow, yeah. &gt;&gt; And because I understand cuz I'm technical enough, I can give it pretty good direction. Yeah. But it's getting easier and easier. And so, you know, uh, a couple months ago, I started programming and I was like, all right, this will be fun. I haven't done this in forever. Both, you know, my own stuff, but also at work. And the way you did it is you basically had an AI, you talked to it and you watched it program. That's not how people do it. Well, that's how some people do it, but it's not how I do it now, it's not how a lot of people do it now. Now, I've got like 

[82:14] four of them, you know, that's like four engineers basically and I talk to each one of them. See who does it better. And I know, I just check back. I do four things in parallel or do two things and see who does it better. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But it's also it's a completely different way of exercising your brain. I'm multitasking aggressively. I've got like four really junior employees that I talk to every 10 minutes. Without any civil uh civil deeds. I actually do. I say please. &gt;&gt; I know. It's so weird. &gt;&gt; And I heard that it's wasting like X amount of money and &gt;&gt; It does. I'm sure it's like burning water and But like I do this cuz I have always said please and thank you to Alexa cuz my kids I want them to I want them to only hear me barking orders and their 

[82:54] personality. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's it's definitely gotten into my my program. Why am I being so like like I'm sorry that I gave you the wrong instructions the last time. It's like &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh I I know. It's so weird. Be accountable to the computer. It's so so ridiculous. But but I don't think it's limited to programming. I think it's going to make technical things, not just programming, more approachable to a bunch of people cuz it can bridge. And that's an interesting tension that I'm not sure I know how to make sense of yet. Okay, my last thing is Threads. So we were on this trip and I was like, "What is Threads?" You're trying to tell me about Threads. I'm like, "That's so what's Twitter?" I don't know you just what was what are you doing? And then I don't know. I think I want to say at that time I was trying to remember cuz I said it 

[83:36] so often. I think you had 300 million subscribers at that time. Is that possible? &gt;&gt; we had three about 300 million users, yeah. Yeah, and I kept every morning I'd ask where we were at and stuff like the user account. &gt;&gt; the the goal was to create uh you know, a place for like the healthy exchange of perspectives, of ideas. Um it started really in reaction to Twitter. We wanted to be a It's not even it's not like a we don't want to be like a Kumbaya super friendly Twitter. People are going to argue. I don't want to pretend otherwise. But we just wanted to be more open for more types of perspectives, more ideas, a bit more civil. Over the time it's evolved though and um and now it's much more focused on trying to support communities, trying to support just the open exchange of ideas and it's it's growing. We're doing pretty well here in the US. We're 

[84:27] crushing right now in Japan, which is interesting. You're doing a great job of integrating it into Instagram because I see headlines I can't resist but click on and open threads. &gt;&gt; That's our equivalent of clips. Right. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; little bits of threads in Instagram to raise awareness. And I go. Yeah, and so we look at two things. We look at how many people use threads because of or see threads because of its Instagram integration and then we look at how many people just go on their own. Right. &gt;&gt; on their own is the core business. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And there are more people who go cuz of the Yeah, you still haven't gotten me to go directly to threads. &gt;&gt; And we might not ever. Yeah. Who We haven't even gotten my wife to install it, so. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, where on threads if our listeners want to Join the conversation. &gt;&gt; It's follow. It's follow. 

[85:12] &gt;&gt; us. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; What is your evaluation of the X Twitter platform? I don't want to underestimate them. I mean, they've gone through a lot of change. Have they grown, shrunk, plateaued? What have they done? &gt;&gt; It's hard to say. &gt;&gt; Okay. Somewhere between plateaued and shrunk a little. Um, but maybe they're growing in some countries and shrinking others. That's pretty normal for social networks. Yeah. They've got [clears throat] they obviously laid off I think over 90% of their employees, so they're that's kind [snorts] of scary. It's also impressive. It's very efficient. Um, they've got some good people over there. Um, I just want us to beat them. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's honest and fair. Yeah. As I'm watching the Iran stuff and I'm learning they've shut off all the social 

[85:57] media and they've shut off even WhatsApp there. Yeah, we we got we got blocked partially there years ago. We were actually really big in Iran. Um, but they do get the government there will block certain social media networks, certain websites and then you they'll shut the whole internet down at times. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's what I wanted to ask just a stupid question like how did they mechanically decide what's on the internet? To me, the internet seems like this huge pipeline that you pull different IP addresses out of. Like, how does it How do they do it? How do they shut off just some parts of the internet? &gt;&gt; They work with the internet service providers to block specific domains. So, like you know, we you don't use Instagram by going to instagram.com most likely. But, behind the scenes there is an address. It might be a number, it might be words somewhere. 

[86:43] &gt;&gt; My app goes to that. &gt;&gt; Your app goes to that to talk to the servers. And so, they'll have the people who provide internet um block specific addresses. And then, you can play this game of cat and mouse where you can switch your addresses or you can go through a VPN. And what about Starlink? How does that factor in? Obviously, there's no control over Starlink. If you somehow have Starlink, you do have access to everything, yeah? Yeah, that would be yeah, straight from space. Okay. Crazy. It's the future. It's more than half the satellites in orbit. &gt;&gt; It's crazy. &gt;&gt; The last two things I pride myself in being able to look at someone and say the exact car that they should own. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you were right. And I spent this time, Monica, with Adam and I said, "I'm just going to say it, man. You need a 70s BMW 3.0 CSi." Yeah, yeah. And by God, what I mean, I just need to 

[87:34] know what what availed you to that advice? Cuz you went on a search. &gt;&gt; on a hunt. I went on a hunt. I spent a lot of time on bringatrailer.com. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't know. I've never been like a like a I've never been a car guy. Like, I drive around a Toyota Sienna. I was like, you can't be like a tech exec in a Porsche. It's like too much of a stereotype. It's just too much of a cliché. I'm saying that out loud as I'm thinking of friends of mine who drive [laughter] Porsches, so I apologize for saying this on the record. &gt;&gt; used cliché. That was nice. I used douchey. So, I was like trying to find something that would give me some pleasure that wasn't like crazy. But, there also was like a little bit if you know, you know, like I drive that thing around and like most people don't even look but every once in a while someone is like oh man, check out that [laughter] 

[88:21] 89 and like they come over and they want to talk. Wow, what color is it? It's fjord blue, it's like this blue, it's a little bit of a cult. Fjord blue? It's a little bit of a cult pink color from the early 70s. &gt;&gt; Okay. I had said too blue would be my pick for you. That's my favorite. &gt;&gt; all the way through. It's blue on the inside and blue on the outside and it's it's it's tiny. It's like a gentleman's coupe. Yeah. It's very art deco-y. It's like very there's a mix of steel and &gt;&gt; I love that car. So I should thank you brought that I never would have bought one. I would have been just driving the Sienna around. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Do your boys like it? Yeah, particularly Blaze. He calls it the blueberry. He calls it the blueberry. Okay, and then the last thing I find so charming about you is you are a hardcore Burning Man person. What do you call yourselves? Burners or something? I in a past life. 

[89:09] &gt;&gt; What do you mean in a past I I I have kids now. I haven't gone in years. &gt;&gt; How when's the last time you went? &gt;&gt; I don't know, but I went I've been I've been more times than I can count. So you're not wrong. And he's Adam's the type that goes Monica a week before and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] builds the enormous contraptions. The build is for me the most fun part cuz you like you go and you're like building your camp. You're really making a city in the middle of the desert. Um by the end of the week it's like chaos and it's a bit of a just to get a little bit too messy for me. I'm getting old. Uh &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; but like you know, to get out there and to be using your hands and to like you know, we built we built these yurts which is what we sleep in or these giant trapeze tents which is what we hang in or the kitchen like Wow. &gt;&gt; There's AC you you put &gt;&gt; a shower, we built everything and then 

[89:53] you whip it all down. It's a lot of work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But in this world where I'm on glowing rectangles all day it's kind of nice to be outside with no internet in the desert with your hands all dirty making and fabricating. Yeah. Uh well Adam, I adore you. Uh, you'll be back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That was round two. We'll do round three. Uh, we'll be laughing at our naivete in this conversation. &gt;&gt; be irrelevant. &gt;&gt; It will all In fact, the the conversation will happen with our avatars. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I believe in I believe in human creativity. All right. Well, thanks for coming. This was a blast. Thanks for having me. It was &gt;&gt; so much fun. &gt;&gt; [music]