# DKcWh1zxf18
Date: 
Duration: 158s
Caption: 21 Year Old Penthouse Tour 😱

-
-
-

#onlinebusiness #luxury #penthouse #entrepreneur

## Transcript
Hey Pineapple. What? Nothing. How much do you pay for rent here in Austin? How much do I pay for rent? Yeah. A month? A month. A little over 10k. What? Yeah. Can you give us a tour? Can I give you guys a tour? Fuck it, why not. Come on. Alright, you ready? Welcome to the candy chopper. Shit, this is fucking nice. What do you do to be able to afford this place? I make rich people famous and we'll leave it at that. Here's the living room. As you can see we've got nice high ceilings. It's quite empty. We don't have any furniture yet. The only thing that I care to have at this point in time is going to be my workstation. This is where I do the majority of my work throughout the day. And then as you can see we have a big ass balcony. So as you can see I get to the full view of Austin unobstructed by all the other fucking high rises. This is fucking high. In what floor we are? 142. 142? No, 42. 42? 42. And what is the top floor? The top floor for the amenities above is 43. 43? So we are at the top. Is this a penthouse? No shit. Come back inside. Come over to the left side of the apartment and we'll get to the master in a second. If you look to our left this is the laundry room. We'll skip past that. Now here we have 3 different rooms. First you have the creative director's room. So this is my creative director. This is where he does all of his work. You can see his nice desk. He's got a bed. He's got a nice ass fucking bathroom. Big ass walk-in closet. He's living lavish. And if we come out here we got the studio. This is where the daytime magic happens. So we got the cameras. We got the green screen, microphone, Macbooks, lights, all of that good jazz. And if you look on your left here is a bathroom that we never fucking use because my creative director has a bathroom in there. I got a bathroom in my room so nobody ever uses this but it's sick as fuck. Probably costs like 1.5k square footage so I like to come in there and piss every once in a while. But that is the left side. Let's go ahead and head over to my master bedroom. This is fucking sick. How old are you? I am 21. I turned 21 last month. That's crazy. This is where all the magic happens and where I spend most of my time. Can I jump on the bed? Can you jump on my bed? Yeah. Fuck no. But here's the bathroom. So we got the his and her sinks. We got the free-floating, I think that's what it's called, bathtub. We got the walk-in shower and then we have my big ass walk-in closet. So if you come in here this is where all of the decisions are made on what to wear for the day. So we got the shoes, we got the removas, we got the colognes. If you look behind you, you'll see all of my clothes. Still not organized the way that I want it. It's definitely a little sloppy but it's in the works. But that is overall the panty shopper. All of this is fucking good. However, I need more. I need more. Who can I see a longer version of this tour? If you'd like a longer version of this tour then comment the word keys and I'll send you the YouTube video.
