# DHWKG6AxhpU
Date: 2025-03-18
Duration: 98s
Caption: STOP Using CTA’s Like This 🚫 

This is exactly how to make a loop video, instead of making call to action for followers. This way your video you can increase the watch time to your reels that will allow you to get more views on your instagram reels which teaches you how to get more views on instagram. 

#contentmarketing #socialmediamarketing #instagramgrowth #onlinebusiness

## Transcript
Stop using call to actions in your videos like, follow me for more, like this video, save this video. Every single CTA like this will lower your views because you're just telling everyone that your video is almost over and that they should scroll. And because of that, your average watch time of your video fucking plummets, hence your video will rank lower in the algorithm. So instead, you should always be ending your video with a loop, with a loop your viewers never know whenever a video is going to end. And then when it does, it loops the viewer back to the beginning of your video, which will increase watch time, hence your video will rank higher in the algorithm. But most people create shitty fucking loops. So here's how to create a good one. Once you have your script, the easiest way to create a seamless loop is by going over to your hook and then placing a comma in front of it and then coming up with a phrase that makes it seem as if it's in the same sentence. So for example, if your hook is, don't make call to actions at the end of your videos, then you would place a comma in front of that and then add something like, if you're trying to get more views on your videos, then. Simple, now, whenever you record the video, just record the full sentence as you normally would with a slight pause at the comma. If you're trying to get more views on your videos, then don't make call to actions at the end of your videos. And then what you can do from there is you or your editor will cut the sentence in half at the comma and then move the first half of that sentence to the end of your video and then keep your hook at the beginning. So now whenever your video ends, it'll loop perfectly back to the beginning. If you're trying to get more views on your videos, then don't make call to actions at the end of your video. Now, of course, if your CTA has an important purpose, like comment the word Nexus to learn how to build your personal brand, then use it. But if you just create a random CTA that you felt like ending your video with, then you should.
